# Chapter 262: The Best at Something (4)<hr>

“…What?” The surprised Jang Hayoung’s eyes widened.

“This is why I wanted to buy time.”

[The participant ‘Yoo Jonghyuk’ has killed the helper ‘Thunder Eating Bird’!]

[The ‘Yoo Jonghyuk – Kim Dokja’ industrial complex has won one point.]

Yoo Jonghyuk falling through the air and the bewildered constellations could be seen.

[The constellation ‘Poked Out His Eyes’ is crying out with surprise!]

[The constellation ‘General of Vanara’ is showing hostility towards Yoo Jonghyuk!]

[Many constellations are amazed by Yoo Jonghyuk’s movements.]

Yoo Jonghyuk wasn’t panicked at all despite the attacks. His movements seemed like he had grasped all the terrain features of this place. By the time the furious King Oedipus swung his staff, Yoo Jonghyuk had already disappeared.

[Where did you go?]

[Find him! He is near here!]

The constellations moved and searched around but they couldn’t find where Yoo Jonghyuk had disappeared to. I hid behind a tree with Jang Hayoung and watched the scene.

One of Yoo Jonghyuk’s attributes was ‘Pro Gamer.’ This guy received an overwhelming advantage and adaptability in all games. This game was still in the early stages and stats were limited.

Before the constellations were accustomed to the game, this ‘first round’ was a better stage for us than anyone else. The opponents might be constellations but it wasn’t easy for them to face off against the current Yoo Jonghyuk.

[There he is!]

The General of Vanara let out a wind blade from his mouth towards a bush and shouted. There was a loud noise and the surrounding terrain was cut. However, this time, Yoo Jonghyuk wasn’t present. The confused General of Vanara retreated and a flash of light emerged from the dirt on the ground. It was too late to avoid it.

[The participant ‘Yoo Jonghyuk’ has killed the helper ‘General of Vanara!]

Yes, Yoo Jonghyuk should catch at least two.

[The ‘Yoo Jonghyuk – Kim Dokja’ industrial complex has won two points.]

[The participant ‘Yoo Jonghyuk’ has started to blow blood onto the battlefield!]

Jang Hayoung pointed towards Yoo Jonghyuk and shivered. “What is this? A monster?”

“It is similar. He is the best pro gamer in South Korea.”

I was talking about the setting of Ways of Survival. In the distance, the General of Vanara’s body was split in half and he disappeared. The rules of the game were applied so he wouldn’t really die, but the mental damage was significant.

[The constellation ‘Prisoner of the Golden Headband’ is pleased.]

[The constellation ‘Prisoner of the Golden Headband’ has sponsored 20,000 coins to the incarnation ‘Yoo Jonghyuk’.]

The true name of the General of Vanara was Hanuman, a monkey hero of Indian mythology. Due to the characteristic of both being monkeys, the two constellations didn’t have a good relationship with each other. I guess it was true.

[Shit, chase him!]

Yoo Jonghyuk killed two people and hid in the rocky gorge this time. Then one more enemy appeared.

[The constellation ‘Founder of Humanity’ wants to show an example to his arrogant descendant.]

The constellation who was close to a primitive man. The Founder of Humanity, Manu. I forgot that he was on the side fo the Melledon Industrial Complex.

“Maybe we should help.”

Manu of Vedas was a narrative-level constellation. He might be low in level among the narrative-grade constellations but it was absolutely disadvantageous for Yoo Jonghyuk.

Yoo Jonghyuk had already consumed a lot of mobility and magic power killing two constellations. He might have the attribute of Pro Gamer but it was too much for him from now on…

[The participant ‘Yoo Jonghyuk’ has activated the ‘Sentinel Golem’s Blessing!’]

Yoo Jonghyuk stood on a rocky highland area and aimed a giant bow.

[The star relic ‘Robin Hood’s Strongbow’ has maximized the user’s accuracy!]

This bastard, when did he get this? It was something that could only be obtained from the 15th scenario area, Lugratia. Intangible arrows flew towards the body of King Oedipus.

[Keok…!]

Of course, Yoo Jonghyuk’s advantage wasn’t only swordsmanship. This guy could use all types of weapons with the Weapons Mastery skill.

[You! You’re not a closer range damage dealer?]

In addition, Yoo Jonghyuk’s position was ‘all-rounder.’

[The participant ‘Yoo Jonghyuk’ will receive the position compensation effect.]

While this game was in progress, Yoo Jonghyuk wouldn’t be penalized for using any types of weapons.

[I will kill you! This thing, this thing…!]

King Oedipus screamed as holes were drilled into his body.

“We should go help!”

“Wait a minute.”

Making clumsy movements in the current circumstances would only hinder Yoo Jonghyuk.

Immediately after launching Omniscient Reader’s Viewpoint, Yoo Jonghyuk’s operation flowed into my head like a movie trailer.

Jang Hayoung frowned at my flippant smile and asked, “…What is it?”

“That bastard is scarier than I thought.”

Yoo Jonghyuk didn’t waste a single second when he came here. The evidence was the Sentinel Golem’s Blessing that was embedded in his body.

[The Sentinel Golem’s Blessing has started to accumulate!]

The sentinel golem inhabited the outskirts of the gorge and gave a ‘fainting’ buff effect. However, this buff had one condition. The person had to succeed in 20 attacks before the ‘fainting’ effect was produced. Now there were approximately 10 metres between Yoo Jonghyuk and King Oedipus.

[This thing, this thing…!]

King Oedipus jumped and tried to aim for Yoo Jonghyuk. King Oedipus’ body hardened from the ankle and he collapsed like a stone statue.

[The helper ‘Poked Out His Eyes’ has fainted.]

The duration of the fainting was three seconds. These three seconds were enough time for Yoo Jonghyuk.

[The participant ‘Yoo Jonghyuk’ has killed the helper ‘Poked Out His Eyes’!]

[The name of the participant ‘Yoo Jonghyuk’ is widely circulated on the battlefield!]

[The ‘Yoo Jonghyuk – Kim Dokja’ industrial complex has won three points.]

Three… I honestly admired him. The appearance of the dying King Oedipus was unrealistic. It was hard to believe he was the constellation who threatened me at the constellation banquet.

[Impertinent fellow!]

However, the fight hadn’t ended yet. Before Yoo Jonghyuk could sigh, the excited Founder of Humanity rushed forward. Yoo Jonghyuk was now lacking physical strength and magic power.

The Primitive Spear belonging to the Founder of Humanity dug into a gap that Yoo Jonghyuk revealed. It looked similar to a stone tool but the power it contained was enormous.

On the other hand, Yoo Jonghyuk was also tough. He twisted his back with a flexible motion and at nearly the same time, he swung his weapon. The spear collided with the sword and a sharp sound was heard. The distinctive yellow aura that was only for transcendents was wrapped around Yoo Jonghyuk’s Black Demon Sword. It opposed the blue ‘status’ woven around the Primitive Spear wielded by Manu.

[These martial arts! They were skills left behind by worms. It still seems useful.]

It was a situation where participants could only use 10% of their power. Manu seemed unable to accurately determine the amount of force he could control. There were dozens of exchanges in a flash and Manu laughed like he was having fun.

[You are pretty good human. I have seen countless transcendents but none as strong as you.]

“You haven’t seen my master.”

A power similar to martial arts emerged from Manu’s spear. Manu had mastered almost every type of talent that a human could gain. Originally, the present Yoo Jonghyuk wouldn’t be able to defeat Manu. Still, the balance of power was even because Manu hadn’t fought such a long battle for a long time.

[How interesting! I haven’t competed with more than 10 blows since becoming a constellation!]

The forcible equilibrium balance maintained this confrontation. I grabbed Jang Hayoung who was about to pop out.

“That jerk will die if this continues!”

The same thing would happen even if we popped out. I wanted to use Electrification to run out and cut off Manu’s neck.

However, I had to endure it for now. If it turned out like I thought, Yoo Jonghyuk would soon welcome an opportunity. All I needed was time. Just time.

“Jang Hayoung, send a message through the wall.”

“What? To who?”

“The Founder of Humanity.”

“Huh? The guy currently fighting with Yoo Jonghyuk? Ah…!”

The clever Jang Hayoung realized what I was planning. Jang Hayoung turned on the Unidentified Wall and wrote a message. Soon after, Manu’s baffled voice rang out.

[What? These messages…!]

I didn’t need to ask to know the situation that Manu was facing now. Perhaps countless messages sent by the ’15 year old schoolgirl’ were popping up like pop-up windows in his field of view.

[These ridiculous tactics!]

Manu hesitated and a white light started to emerge from Yoo Jonghyuk’s body. I had seen this bright light before. It happened when Jung Heewon evolved to the Judge of Destruction. Then when Lee Hyunsung learnt Great Mountain Smash…

[The character ‘Yoo Jonghyuk’ has reached the moment of attribute evolution!]

[The attribute ‘Pro Gamer’ of the character Yoo Jonghyuk has evolved!]

Attribute evolution. Finally, Yoo Jonghyuk’s second attribute had come to full bloom. Manu rushed forward and wielded his spear. At the same time, the dazzling light burst from Yoo Jonghyuk’s body.

I watched the fascinating scene and recalled what Lee Jihye said in the latter half of Ways of Survival.

「 “Master has countless attributes. Hmm…the best is naturally Regressor. Other than that, Master of the Panacea and Enemy of Gods and Demons are excellent… huh? Which one is the most envious attribute? Ahaha, it is naturally…” 」

Manu’s spearsmanship swept over Yoo Jonghyuk in vain.

「 “The Ruler of Amusement. It is that.” 」

Yoo Jonghyuk slowly opened his eyes as he made the same expression I had constantly read about.

「 At that moment, Yoo Jonghyuk seemed to understand everything about this game. 」

Perhaps in Yoo Jonghyuk’s eyes, all of Manu’s attacks looked like a combination of 0s and 1s.

It was the legendary attribute, Ruler of Amusement. As long as this stage was a ‘game’, Yoo Jonghyuk was closer to a deity than any other constellation in the world.

TL: Rainbow Turtle
