# Chapter 407: Final Dragon (4)<hr>

The first shockwave gradually petered out after Kyrgios joined us. The difference between three lightning-related Constellations working together and four was rather noticeable.

Not only that, but a portion of Constellations also lent us their Probability after Kyrgios showed up, and for the first time ever, our own Probability surpassed the Apocalypse Dragon’s shockwave.

[Uwooooooh-!]

Scorched black by the electrical wave, Thor and Dionysus began roaring out as if they had gone half-mad. The latter had drunk such a large quantity of wine that his face was completely red, even though the rest of his body remained jet-black.

[Booze is going down so smoothly, it’s so amaaaazing!]

[Now I’m really curious about the taste of <Olympus> label booze. Give me some!]

By the time the storm of aftermath for the first shockwave drew to a close, the two Constellations became completely drunk out of their minds. Kyrgios stared at them with criticising eyes before asking me. [My disciple. Are these fools your comrades?]

“No, total strangers.”

[First Phase has concluded.]

[Congratulations. You have safely negotiated the first shockwave of the ‘First Tail-Flick’!]

….We did it. We managed to withstand that damn tail flick’s first hurdle.

I looked behind me. “Everyon….”

I couldn’t continue on. Because, a desolate, ruined landscape greeted me, with a sea of corpses burnt by the electrical waves filling it up. Some of them were swept up by the electrical energy we couldn’t hold back, while some of them died after their Incarnation Bodies exploded, unable to deal with the storm of aftermath taking place nearby.

The five hundred-plus Constellations were reduced to less than half that number through just one encounter. What an utterly fraudulent death toll that was.

….Could I even claim that we managed to endure when it was like this?

It was just the first phase, so what would we do about the second and the third one?

I raised my head and saw the messages from the stars brightening the night sky as if they were losing their minds.

[The absolute majority of Constellations are stunned by the difficulty of this scenario!]

[Many Constellations are lodging complaints at the Bureau in regards to the applicable scenario’s Probability!]

[A portion of Constellations are arguing that this scenario cannot exist.]

[The majority of Constellations are requesting for the scenario’s cancellation.]

Scenario’s cancellation, was it.

What a funny thing this was, there still being idiots daydreaming about stuff like that.

[Applicable scenario cannot be cancelled.]

[All Constellations within the applicable scenario’s area are urged to prepare for the next phase.]

No, the apocalypse would carry on.

While the messages from the Constellations freaking out continued on, the baptism of sponsorship messages also rained down from the other side of the sky as well.

[Constellation, ‘Lightning Throne’, is looking closely at you.]

[Constellation, ‘Spear That Draws the Boundaries of the Sea’, is glaring at you.]

[Constellation, ‘Great Mother God Who Created Man out of Earth’, is getting interested in the Fable you might earn.]

[Final Scenario’s Constellations are focusing on you.]

[Final Scenario’s Constellations are enjoying your actions.]

[3,000,000 Coins have been sponsored.]

The Constellations of the ‘Final Scenario’, including the likes of the ‘Lightning Throne’ Zeus, the ‘Spear That Draws the Boundaries of the Sea’ Poseidon, and even the ‘Great Mother God Who Created Man out of Earth’, Nuwa.

The existences lording over the top stratosphere of <Star Stream> who didn’t participate in this scenario, but didn’t feel threatened by the unfolding events from the get-go, were there at the ‘Final Scenario’.

The location for that scenario was excluded from the ‘First Tail-flick’s’ area of destruction.

Even the destruction of their fellow Constellations was nothing more than a type of entertainment to those on the cusp of reaching the ‘end’ of this world.

[Second Phase will commence ten minutes later.]

A ten-minute interval, was it.

I breathed a sigh of relief and looked back at Kyrgios. I sensed that his Status had grown even greater than before.

“You must’ve reached another enlightenment, Master.”

[It seems that you’re now at the level to discern that, at least.]

Kyrgios’s complaining voice sounded thorny. Not only were his looks enough to slap Yu Jung-Hyeok’s face silly, but even the way he spoke slapped the latter silly, too.

Yi Ji-Hye sprinted to where we were and began shaking me by the shoulders. “Ahjussi!! I thought we’d end up as grilled squid, you know!”

And why did this kid have to go and use that kind of figure of speech….

“Kyrgios grandpa! Where’s my Grand Master? Didn’t she come with you?”

[The Breaking the Sky Saint has some matter to take care of first, so she’ll arrive later.] He replied in a cold tone of voice and peered at me from the corners of his eyes before turning his head away. [I thought that my disciple would’ve been half-dead by now and came in a hurry. But I see that he’s far healthier than I hoped.]

I couldn’t tell whether he was rueful or relieved from his tone of voice.

“If you arrived any later, never mind half-dead, I’d have been really dead, you know. Let’s not worry about that, though. We need to get ready for the second phase.”

As if he was waiting for it, Yu Jung-Hyeok approached us as soon as my words ended.

“According to the tale of Harmagedon passed down, the attribute for the ‘Second Shockwave’ is intense heat.”

The Apocalypse Dragon’s tail in the far-off distance was visibly getting red-hot. Although it looked to be moving at a very slow speed from here, the truth was, that tail was vibrating at a scarcely-believable speed right now.

That intense friction heat was powerful enough to distort the axis of space-time itself.

Shin Yu-Seung grasped my jet-black scorched wrist and spoke. “Ahjussi, about the next phase….”

The moment I saw the determined eyes of both her and Yi Gil-Yeong, I understood what they wanted to say. But Yu Jung-Hyeok butted in first. “You two must stay back.”

That cold-sounding declaration caused the two kids to immediately lash back.

“Why?? We’re also <Kim Dok-Ja Company>, you know!”

“What do you know, you sooty bastard! I wasn’t asking you anyway!”

Yi Gil-Yeong’s provocation was met with Yu Jung-Hyeok’s emotionless reply. “This isn’t the issue of your willingness, but effectiveness. You two do not possess any Stigma or skills related to ‘fire’.”

In order to cancel the shockwave, we needed the ‘Statuses’ of a similar attribute. Unfortunately for Shin Yu-Seung and Yi Gil-Yeong, though, they didn’t possess any skills related to the fire-type attribute.

Gil-Yeong’s shoulders trembled as if he was furious; he eventually shouted out. “In that case, you also can’t fight, then! You don’t have stuff like that either!”

“But, I do.”

The corner of Yu Jung-Hyeok’s lips curled up as he lifted up his sword. And in the following second, the blade of the [Dark Heavenly Demon Sword] was enveloped in a fire-type sword aura.

[Character, Yu Jung-Hyeok, has activated ‘Furious Flame God Blade Lv.???’.]

“You… You…!”

I gently patted the tearful Yi Gil-Yeong’s shoulders.

As stated clearly in the original storyline, Yu Jung-Hyeok possessed almost every attribute there was.

….Hey, now that I thought about it, this guy also possessed lightning-based attribute, so why didn’t he lend a helping hand earlier?

Yu Jung-Hyeok was glaring at me with his narrowed eyes. “Have you forgotten how you pleaded with us not to aid you?”

“Ahh, I did that, didn’t I,” I replied, before flinching just a little.

This guy, I haven’t said anything yet, so how did he read my mind?

“I shall announce the Constellations that will partake in the next phase.”

Yu Jung-Hyeok, already finding himself in the middle of the Constellations, began his selection process.

-

A calamity, unprecedented in the history of the <Star Stream>, had come knocking, and for the first time ever, Constellations were exposed to the threat of their complete death.

Under Yu Jung-Hyeok’s command, these head-strong and proud Constellations found themselves positioned on the frontline one by one.

[I’ve heard that you’re a Regressor. Does that mean you have information on this situation?]

“Of course I do.”

A faint trace of trust could be seen within the eyes of the Constellations. The more urgent the situation was, the more valuable information would get. The rumours of Yu Jung-Hyeok doing the rounds among the Constellations were helping his attempt to instruct them.

He only took the blink of an eye to finish distributing the fighting force, standing in the middle of the frontline himself.

Han Su-Yeong watched him do that and muttered softly. “….Well, he’s the ‘Conquering King’, alright.”

Jeong Hui-Won next to her nodded her head while polishing her sword. “Well, he does have some parts that we have to acknowledge, that’s for sure.”

“It pains me to say it, but after <Han Su-Yeong Corporation>, <Yu Jung-Hyeok Company> might be the next most suitable alternative for our Nebula’s name.”

“Before the top representative changes, we should create a labour union first, though.”

“A labour union, is it….”

Han Su-Yeong smirked deeply and looked at Jeong Hui-Won. They were working together in the advance party for the ‘intense heatwave’.

The [Black Flame] of the Black Flame Dragon contained the Status of red flame, and Uriel’s [Hellfire] was permeated with the strength of Hell’s flames. So, it was the same thing as these two being the strongest main force in the current frontline.

“I never figured that we’d ever get to fight side-by-side.”

“It’s the same story for me, too.”

Jeong Hui-Won blew away the specks of dust clinging on to her [Sword of Judgement].

That hard blade with its dull lustre – Han Su-Yeong had clashed against that blade on the stage of ‘Proof of Stars’ a long time ago.

Afterwards, she never had the chance to talk to Jeong Hui-Won like this, one-on-one. Well, they didn’t really have anything to say to each other, and she wasn’t really talented when it came to that sort of conversation, so that couldn’t be helped.

Even if that was the case, she still had to ask Jeong Hui-Won for an explanation this time. “…..By the way, why are you still lugging around that?”

“Ah, this?” Jeong Hui-Won looked at the huge ‘luggage’ on her back and formed a bitter smile.

Yi Hyeon-Seong could be seen wrapped tightly on a cross made out of steel frame.

“This is the only way that I can protect him.”

“….But, he looks as if he’s already met his noble end, though? Where did you even find a cross, anyway?”

“My sponsor.”

[Constellation, ‘Demon-like Judge of Fire’, is nodding her head in satisfaction.]

“…..You know, this sight comes across as a bit blasphemous somehow. Is Uriel really an Angel?”

“Weeeell, even a Demon King is like that, so it’s fine.”

The two women’s gazes shifted towards the back of the ranks almost simultaneously.

Kim Dok-Ja was among those Constellations sitting outside the ranks. With a melancholic look on his face, he was pressing the ground with his finger. It was as if he was scribbling something down there.

Han Su-Yeong spoke first. “Is he writing a will?”

“That might be. I mean, doesn’t he make that sort of a face before he’s about to sacrifice himself?” Jeong Hui-Won gritted her teeth as if she had had enough already. “If he goes and does something like that again, I’m really going to….!”

[‘First Tail-Flick’ is recommencing!]

It was then, a humongous explosion of light could be seen at the far front of the battleline.

“Get ready.”

Along with Yu Jung-Hyeok’s signal, Constellations all gripped their weapons tightly.

[Constellation, ‘Demon-like Judge of Fire’, is issuing clear warnings!]

The wave of the intense heat burned brightly. After seeing those sun-like red flames that burned away everything in the heavens and on earth without discrimination, Han Su-Yeong spoke in a fed-up voice. “God damn it, if only my Black Flame Dragon wasn’t defeated….”

[Constellation, ‘Abyssal Black Flame Dragon’, says he has underestimated his opponent.]

[Constellation, ‘Abyssal Black Flame Dragon’, says that if he had started fighting with both of his hands….]

“Will you just shut up!”

And then, the intense heatwave swallowed the Constellations up.

Kugugugugugu!!

Stuck in the middle of the flooding wave of flames, Han Su-Yeong desperately activated [Black Flame]. The Black Flame Dragon’s Status permeated her entire being, and the heat from the wave was rapidly absorbed into her body. It felt as if her head was blanking out and all the Fables she’d lived so far were melting away.

….Kim Dok-Ja was enduring against something like this?

The fact that Jeong Hui-Won was next to her proved to be a small consolation. No, not just her, but Constellations who were second to none when it came to wielding fire were guarding her sides, too.

The one who perhaps best represented that was ‘Purifying Flame’ Agni, over by the very front of the line, defending against the crashing wave of flames by himself.

He’d be one of the strongest Constellations within <Vedas> after one excluded the three Myth-grade gods of that Nebula. And, as befitting a powerful Constellation, he was pouring out so much power that his entire being was now lit up on fire as he withstood the intense heatwave. Hell, even the whites of his eyes were showing…

“…..Hey, that idiot is actually burning to death!!”

Along with the noise of “ta-dat”, Agni’s body began crumbling away in ashes. That served as the starting point, and the screams of Constellations reverberated from everywhere next.

[Kuwaaaaak!!]

Their line was being forced back with a speed far quicker compared to when pushing back against the electrical wave. Constellations melting down from the intense heatwave writhed around in pain, while the advancing flames used them as their firewood to increase the intensity of their heat.

They were losing.

Han Su-Yeong’s eyes, currently being protected by Status, felt as if they were now going blind. The heat nearing her nose made it difficult to even breathe. Before she had noticed it, the intense heatwave had reached right before her.

Jeong Hui-Won breathlessly cried out. “Uriel!!”

Uriel’s and the Black Flame Dragon’s powers increased and a momentary defensive wall was created. The intense heatwave seemed to waver just for a second there, but then, it began forcing back their Statuses once more, bit by bit.

Han Su-Yeong’s and Jeong Hui-Won’s shoulders were pressed against each other as they continued to endure. Energies from both Black Flame Dragon were gradually seeping away, as well.

From the beginning, the Dragon had already spent a lot of its strength fighting in the ‘Dragon Festival’, and due to the partial destruction of <Eden>, Uriel was unable to receive her share of Probability and so, her condition was about the same.

[Nebula, <Vedas>, is withdrawing a portion of their Probability.]

[Nebula, <Papyrus>, is withdrawing a portion of their Probability.]

Even the Nebulas supplying them with Probability began withdrawing one by one.

But, that was only obvious; if they were to spend more Probability than what their Great Fables could afford, then even if they managed to earn a new Great Fable now, they would still be losing out at the end, anyway.

From their perspective, getting annihilated by the Apocalypse Dragon or by the storm of Probability’s aftermaths was just about the same now.

Through her bloodstained, dried-up lips, Han Su-Yeong spoke. “Damn it, I shouldn’t have been worried about Kim Dok-Ja.”

“Worried about me?”

For a moment there, she thought she felt a certain sense of refreshment enter her, and soon, a familiar power enveloped her and Jeong Hui-Won’s backs.

Han Su-Yeong grumbled loudly. “Are you finished writing your will?”

“….What are you on about?”

[Nebula, <Kim Dok-Ja Company>, is supplying you with Probability.]

In <Star Stream>, Probability was one’s wish, a dream; a desire not to give up until the end on the story that everyone else had given up on already.

The ardent wishes of a small number of people who hadn’t given up on the scenario were supporting them now.

Han Su-Yeong bitterly smiled. “How foolish….Why didn’t you all run away, then?”

“Where can we even go, anyway?”

Yi Ji-Hye advanced forward while firing the cannons of the [Turtle Dragon]. The battleship built with futuristic technology and its hard exterior blocked the intense heatwave instead of Jeong Hui-Won’s and Han Su-Yeong’s crumbling bodies.

[Great Fable, ‘Next City’, is crumbling away.]

Yi Ji-Hye writhed in pain as she tried to endure against the flames all by herself. No matter how powerful [Turtle Dragon] was as a Fable weapon, it was never designed for this sort of situation.

Han Su-Yeong cried out in despair. “Damn it! Doesn’t matter who it is, just hurry up and help! There are lots of you with fire attributes, right?!”

Unfortunately, not a single one in the night sky replied to her.

[The absolute majority of Constellations are watching the Nebula, <Kim Dok-Ja Company>.]

[The absolute majority of Constellations are evacuating from the intense heatwave!]

[Constellations of the ‘Final Scenario’ are watching this scenario.]

Weak Constellations were too occupied with running away, while the truly strong ones seemingly didn’t want to miss this grand show.

“….Is it really only us?”

Turtle Dragon’s external layer melted away, and Yu Jung-Hyeok quickly carried the unconscious Yi Ji-Hye on his back as he continued to activate Furious Flame God Blade.

The intense heatwave that managed to burn everything away in the surroundings began flooding their position once more with a scale they couldn’t possibly defend against this time.

Not even Uriel, not even the Black Flame Dragon, not even the ‘Maritime War God’, not even Kyrgios and that Yu Jung-Hyeok….

“Thank you for holding on until now.”

….And then, Kim Dok-Ja spoke up. “It’s fine now. I was confused a bit earlier. Well, it was my first time doing it, that’s why.”

Before Han Su-Yeong could ask what he was talking about, something suddenly rose up from the ground behind her. That was where Kim Dok-Ja had been squatting earlier. There was a hexagram of darkness spread out widely on the ground, and something was being summoned through that very hexagram.

Kwa-kwakwakwakwa!

A gigantic frame began blocking the incoming heatwave head-on. Han Su-Yeong’s brows rose up high. “….Pluto?”

That ‘something’ turned out to be the Giant Soldier Pluto. However, it was no ordinary Pluto, either. There was no way that it’d be able to withstand that intense heat even if it was the Giant Soldier.

Kuwaaaaah-!!

The one riding inside Pluto was blocking the wave all alone when various Fable-grade Constellations had failed to endure it previously.

Han Su-Yeong saw the chilling, dangerous-looking scythe held by the Giant Soldier and instantly figured out who it was. The thing was, the Fable weapon Pluto didn’t originally belong to Kim Dok-Ja.

[Great Fable, ‘Underworld’, has begun its storytelling.]

Even if it was a story where only a handful wished to see, the scale of Probability changed depending on who that handful of people was. And the existence that appeared now was a grand being who could handle such Probability all by himself.

[Constellation, ‘Father of the Rich Night’, has incarnated into the scenario!]

He was the Constellation that protected <Olympus>’s hottest Hell.

The Myth-grade Constellation, Hades, had descended on the battlefield with <Underworld> in tow.

<Episode 77. Final Dragon (4)> Fin.
