# Chapter 430: A dumpling’s reminiscence (3)<hr>

Yu Jung-Hyeok pointed the tip of his blade at Sun Wukong and slowly opened his lips.

– How did you expect me to respond when you were emitting that much demonic energy?

The [Voice Projection] was meant to send one’s voice to a designated target. However, Sun Wukong didn’t reply. Instead, it was the [Murim dumpling] on his shoulder that did.

– [Dark Heavenly Demon Sword] is a good weapon.

That voice was thick with an untold length of time it had lived through, prompting Yu Jung-Hyeok to strengthen the sword aura permeating on his blade.

The dumpling spoke while opening its eyes to stare at the [Dark Heavenly Demon Sword] buzzing with the transcendental power.

– However, will you be able to cut me down with a broken weapon?

Indeed, there was a faint crack running in the middle of the sword.

By using the repair tools sold in the [Dokkaebi Bundle], it had been patched up somewhat, but as that statement implied, it was nothing more than a temporary measure. After it broke once, [Dark Heavenly Demon Sword] couldn’t even display half of its original might.

Yu Jung-Hyeok spoke.

– We can find out, right now.

– And that’s precisely why you couldn’t win against the ‘Secretive Plotter’.

Yu Jung-Hyeok’s dark brows quivered noticeably at the mention of the ‘Secretive Plotter’.

The outer appearance of the Murim dumpling seemed to slowly morph in the darkness, and the kkoma Yu Jung-Hyeok number [999] regained his former look. Indeed, it was the miniaturised version of Yu Jung-Hyeok.

The regular-sized Yu Jung-Hyeok’s eyes trembled faintly.

– Are you an underling of that bastard? What is your goal here?

– The current you will never defeat the ‘Secretive Plotter’.

– If you came here to pass on such a meaningless message, then….

– It’ll be the same story even if you try your luck hundreds of times. Exactly the same as your pathetic repeated regressions. Surely, you must be aware of this by now.

The tip of the [Dark Heavenly Demon Sword] trembled faintly as well.

Perhaps, that was true. Even after he borrowed Han Su-Yeong and Jeong Hui-Won’s powers, he still failed to defeat that enemy. It was obvious that he’d not be a match even if they met again.

The kkoma Yu Jung-Hyeok [999] spoke in the tone of voice indicating that he understood that feeling.

– Yu Jung-Hyeok of the 3rd turn. How much do you know about the ‘Secretive Plotter’?

-

An ancient slumber.

This dream was from the days when he was still called Yu Jung-Hyeok (Hanja: 劉衆赫).

From 0th turn all the way up to 1863rd.

The story of when he was still the puppet of the Most Ancient Dream, repeating countless lives and fighting over and over again.

[….Oh, you foolish puppet. You, can’t, save, anything.]

Yu Jung-Hyeok finally reached the 1863rd turn, only to lose every single one of his comrades.

The Maritime War God, Yi Ji-Hye.

The Beast Lord, Shin Yu-Seung.

The Emperor of Steelsword, Yi Hyeon-Seong.

The God of Medicine, Yi Seol-Hwa.

The Demon of Delusions, Kim Nam-Wun.

The Hermit King of Shadows, Han Dong-Hoon.

The Breaking the Sky Sword Saint, Namgung Min-Yeong.

….His little sister, Yu Mi-Ah.

Just like how he had many comrades, he also had as many enemies to contend with.

Such as, ‘Ten Evil’ Gong Pil-Du, Anna Croft, Ranveer Khan, Fei Hu….

“I told you, I won’t become your ally. However….”

Some enemies remained hostile until the end.

“Maybe, this regression turn will be your last.”

Some enemies realised he had succeeded and congratulated him.

And then, the final war began.

[Oh, the ‘Iron Blood Conquering King’.]

Fighting alongside him as his sworn friend, the ‘Prisoner of the Golden Headband’, the Great Sage, Equal of Heaven.

[I’m helping you because the <Star Stream> is an even greater evil.]

Working as his ally at the final hurdle, ‘Demon-like Judge of Fire’, Uriel.

[….This one is simply avenging the death of his Incarnation, that is all.]

Standing on his side for the sake of avenging Kim Nam-Wun, the ‘Abyssal Black Flame Dragon’.

[Y ou fool ish Con stell ations…..]

They advanced forward while breaking past the waves of the Outer Gods. They cut down countless packs of tentacles rushing at them, and faced off against the enormous Statuses emitted by these gods from the other world.

Stars in the sky fell non-stop.

Lights from the great Nebulas continued to disappear. <Olympus>, <Vedas>, <Asgard>….

Along with the noises of one era coming to an end, the skies of the <Star Stream> were covered by the falling rain of shooting stars.

The Korean Peninsula’s Constellations also died. The Goryeo’s number one swordsman and the Maritime Wargod fought bitterly right till the end, but they still couldn’t avoid their deaths.

It was the same story for Yu Jung-Hyeok’s comrade in arms.

[What an amusing life it was.]

The first one to lose his head was the ‘Abyssal Black Flame Dragon’.

[….Gabriel…. I’m sorry.]

Not too long after, the wings of the ‘Demon-like Judge of Fire’ were broken.

By that time, however, even the majority of ‘Outer Gods’ had perished as well.

The one to land the final, deciding blow was the Great Sage.

[That’s the end of all stories, it seems.]

His Ruyi Bang grew to an enormous height. He then dispersed into tens of thousands of clones and utilised every single Fable he possessed to open up a path. As he scattered away in a golden-coloured Fable, the Great Sage spoke up.

[Complete your story, Conquering King Yu Jung-Hyeok.]

Yu Jung-Hyeok could never forget the moment he ran on that path.

It was the moment that his life, continued on breathlessly from the 0th turn up until now, was about to be completed.

Slice.

The head of a god from another world fell in vain.

[Reg ret will be the on ly th ing that ke eps you al ive.]

And that curse completed Yu Jung-Hyeok’s ‘Conclusion’.

[You have acquired a new Great Fable!]

[Great Fable, ‘Pilgrim of the Lonesome Apocalypse’, has completed its meaning!]

[The ‘Conclusion(結)’ for your final Great Fable has been completed!]

[Hidden Scenario – ‘A Single Fable’s’ final condition has been met!]

The only one remaining on the battlefield where everything had perished was Yu Jung-Hyeok.

The Conclusion he finally reached by using the deaths of everyone as its fertiliser. What he wished for at the end of this lengthy fight was just this one thing.

‘To see the end of this damn regression.’

For that sole purpose, he persisted and got himself here.

Unfortunately, a wall prevented him from ‘going beyond’.

⸢There are three methods to survive in a destroyed world. I’ve forgotten some of them by now. However, one thing is for certain. The one reading these words, you, will survive for sure.⸥

Incomprehensible texts were written on that wall.

That was where Yu Jung-Hyeok met the ‘Dokkaebi King’.

[Oh hear ye, the poor, tragic puppet. You have come far too quickly. I’m sorry, but past here ‘doesn’t exist’ yet.]

Yu Jung-Hyeok couldn’t understand what that meant. To figure it out, he threatened the ‘Dokkaebi King’. But the damn guy didn’t reveal its true meaning even as it died.

[You can’t complete this universe.]

It was a gigantic wall that Yu Jung-Hyeok couldn’t go past with his power. But he still instinctively understood it.

‘Past this wall is where I’ll find the answer I’ve been looking for.’

Unfortunately, his [Breaking the Sky Swordsmanship] that shattered the heavens and destroyed stars failed to break this wall. It was as if this wall didn’t possess the nature of ‘breaking’ in the first place.

Yu Jung-Hyeok despaired.

He came this far while losing everything, yet he couldn’t go past this one wall?

[Your ‘Conclusion’ is guiding you towards a brand new existence.]

He needed to become stronger.

He needed many more Fables.

He needed the force capable enough to break past this ‘Wall’ and go beyond it.

[You have become an ‘Outer God’.]

And that was why Yu Jung-Hyeok had become an Outer God.

He now could drift along the countless world-lines he had lived through, and eventually, he was no longer ‘Yu Jung-Hyeok’.

Other gods respected him who wandered among the universe of stories, and Dokkaebis from other world-lines feared him.

The Wennys liked him, though. One of the Recorders of Fear even created a title for him, too.

– The great schemer who dreams of journeying past the Wall…. The ‘Secretive Plotter’.

0th regression turn, 1st, 2nd…. 1863rd.

He aimlessly floated around all these numerous world-lines and memorised the stories of his life once more.

He had earned many Fables along the way, but his overall power remained the same after paying for the Probability of traversing through different world-lines. However, he got to learn many new pieces of information that he failed to notice when he used to rely on regression only.

Such as, the origin of all of his regressions, his sponsor.

The ‘Most Ancient Dream’.

The ‘Secretive Plotter’ wandered around again and again for the sole purpose of finding this being.

Once, he discovered its traces in <Eden>, and he also discovered the records of it within <Vedas> as well.

But he couldn’t find its actual, real body anywhere.

And that was why the ‘Secretive Plotter’ became even more convinced. He was sure that the answer to everything was beyond the ‘Final Wall’ he encountered at the ‘Final Scenario’.

Sadly, though, he failed to discover the method to breach that wall even after searching through all of the world-lines.

His hope slowly withered. His will that not even regressing for 1863 times could break was slowly becoming dimmer. He dreamed many times of falling into an endless slumber. If only he really could.

If only he could find…. the eternal rest he’d been searching for.

It was at this point that he discovered a single planet shining so brightly. The ‘Secretive Plotter’ was quite familiar with it.

The 8612th solar system, Earth. The location where the tragedies of all scenarios began.

However, something was wrong. An unfamiliar sensation wrapped around this world-line stabbed into his memories.

‘….Was there a regression turn like this one?’

And it was here that the ‘Secretive Plotter’ witnessed an existence he had never encountered before.

….

…….

……..

The ‘Secretive Plotter’ slowly opened his eyes.

He saw the N’Gai’s Forest above the cold darkness. His jet-black exhaled air dispersed within the now-chilly air.

It was unknown for how long he was there, but nonetheless, the kkoma Yu Jung-Hyeok number [41] was next to him.

“You had a nightmare. Someone like you who had witnessed the Conclusion still can’t escape from dreaming, it seems.”

[[….Well, I too am nothing more than a mere ‘puppet’, that’s why.]]

Tsu-chut, chuchuchut…

Perhaps as the after-effects of spending an exorbitant amount of Probability, thin layers of sparks danced around the entire figure of the ‘Secretive Plotter’.

[41] quietly observed that phenomenon for a while before opening his lips. “I see that the effects from the 1863rd’s story changing is rather considerable.”

[[….Your business here?]]

“All contact from [999] has been cut off.”

The irises of the ‘Secretive Plotter’ drew in deeper after hearing those words. Dark and deep light flitted in and out of his eyes as if he was reading something, before he opened his lips again.

[[…[999] hasn’t died.]]

“Then, the meaning of his contact being cut off is….”

The ‘Secretive Plotter’ didn’t reply.

[41] spoke with a voice containing a faint trace of rage. “It was a mistake to send him. Send me, instead. [999] is too soft.”

[[He is not as soft as you think.]] Faint vestiges of a Fable brushed past the eyes of the Secretive Plotter as if he was re-reading the events of the 999th regression turn. [[Even if it was through sheer luck, [999] is the only one besides myself to reach the edge of the ‘Conclusion’. Because of his experience, I too was able to witness my ‘Conclusion’, as well.]]

That reply prompted [41]’s expression to crumple. “However, he’s also the one who willingly gave up on the ‘Conclusion’. Think about this. He can mess up our goal.”

[[It doesn’t matter. He is also a ‘Yu Jung-Hyeok’, after all.]] The Plotter’s unfathomable eyes now stared at the skies of the N’Gai’s Forest. No one could tell what exactly he was thinking about. [[He too, has the right to pursue the end he wishes to see.]]

[41] quietly observed the Plotter’s eyes before lowering his head slowly.

The ‘Secretive Plotter’. Yu Jung-Hyeok who had lived the longest time in all of the universes out there. No one in the <Star Stream> could understand the depths of his sorrow.

“….If that’s what you want.”

Even if it was another Yu Jung-Hyeok.

-

[Scenario maintenance will conclude in five minutes.]

[The channel will re-open soon.]

As the message reverberated throughout the empty air, two Yu Jung-Hyeoks were still standing face to face. [999] was the first one to form a wry grin.

– It seems that you don’t know anything. But then again, I guess it’s only obvious.

“Don’t know anything” – those words really got under Yu Jung-Hyeok’s skin. This bastard or that other one, they were all saying the same damn thing.

‘Yu Jung-Hyeok who doesn’t know anything’.

Just what the hell didn’t he know?

The blade of the [Dark Heavenly Demon Sword] faintly shifted over to Sun Wukong as if he had managed to swallow back his anger.

– Just spit out what you’re plotting here. Why did you come? Is this Sun Wukong one of your collaborators?

[999] glanced at Sun Wukong after hearing that threat, and replied.

– He isn’t an Outer God. We’re simply using each other.

– In that case, it’ll be fine to kill you both.

[999] then stepped up slightly as if to defend Sun Wukong and spoke.

– If you wish to give up on this regression turn, then go ahead.

– What rubbish are you talking about?

– Complete this ‘Journey to the West Remake’ with this guy. If you do, I shall teach you a way to defeat the ‘Secretive Plotter’.

– Why should I believe….

Almost at the same time, blue sparks danced around [999]’s body.

The [Existence Pledge].

Yu Jung-Hyeok’s eyes trembled from unrest.

– You said that I’ll never defeat him even if I regress hundreds of times.

– And I merely meant that you can’t defeat him by ‘regressing’ hundreds of times.

[999] lightly leaped up and landed on the blade of the [Dark Heavenly Demon Sword]. Yu Jung-Hyeok reflexively took a step back, but his mini version approached him regardless.

– You always thought that your life so far has been a living hell. Because, you’ve been dealing with everything all on your own.

A chaotic Fable instantly spread all around. Yu Jung-Hyeok flinched and stared at it.

It was of an eternal nightmare that a certain someone had lived through.

[Fable, ‘Hellscape of Eternity’, has begun its storytelling.]

As if it was reacting to this Fable, the [Dark Heavenly Demon Sword] permeating with shining light shuddered greatly.

Yu Jung-Hyeok who experienced the 999th regression turn spoke again.

– How many such hells do you think exist in this world?

<Episode 81. A dumpling’s reminiscence (3)> Fin.
