# Chapter 440: Dok-Ja's Incarnation (2)<hr>

The sounds of explosions spread out from the centre of the battlefield. The surrounding atmosphere was going through a change.

Ranks of Yogoes were rushing over there and <Emperor>’s Constellations continued to descend.

Fei Hu’s eyes chased after those ranks before shifting back to the enemy blocking his path. “….You’re truly strong. Are there more Incarnations like you in Korea?”

Jeong Hui-Won’s whole body was riddled with wounds. However, her Status remained firm and unaffected, while her will to fight burned brightly.

He looked down at his sliced-off chest and waist, the wounds inflicted by her Steelsword.

He wasn’t fighting alone; currently, both Erlang Shen and Prince Nezha were aiding him, plus he was receiving support from his Nebula, as well. Even then, he had failed to defeat a single Incarnation from another Fable chamber that entered the scenario as a mere ‘Bull Demon King’.

“Stop yapping and just come at me.”

Fei Hu stared into Jeong Hui-Won’s blazing eyes and slowly shook his head. “The mere fact that we had to fight so bitterly against a single opponent already signifies our loss.”

As if he was no longer interested in fighting her anymore, he sheathed his weapon and looked at the distant sky.

“And more importantly, the true battlefield doesn’t seem to be here.”

As those words came to an end, Fei Hu flung himself in the direction of the ‘sacred texts’, along with Erlang Shen and Prince Nezha.

Jeong Hui-Won was about to hurriedly chase after them, but then, a battleship suddenly summoned onto the river took them away at a rapid pace.

[Activation of ‘Hour of Judgement’ has ended.]

….That was a really close call.

If the fight continued on for a little bit longer, she would’ve lost for sure. As expected of Fei Hu. He wasn’t a direct Incarnation of the <Emperor> for nothing, it seemed.

[Constellation, ‘Demon-like Judge of Fire’, is worriedly scanning the centre of the battlefield.]

Wings of an Archangel grew on Jeong Hui-Won’s shoulders. She began half-running and half-flying on the water.

“….Just what is going on here?”

Several skirmishes were unfolding all around her and she couldn’t tell where she should go first.

Yi Ji-Hye, battling against <Emperor>’s fleet. Yu Jung-Hyeok, fighting against the 28 Mansions Constellations. Yi Gil-Yeong, dealing with the Lords of Nine Stars….

Dozens upon dozens of [Great Holes] had opened up in the sky and the Outer Gods crossing over had all transformed into Yogoes to battle the Constellations.

And in the centre of it all….

“Yu-Seung-ah!”

A young girl was reaching out towards a star.

-

Shin Yu-Seung studied <Emperor>’s Constellations rushing at her.

[Nebula <Emperor>’s Twelve Star Lords are descending!]

[Nebula <Emperor>’s Dragon Kings of the Four Seas are descending!]

(One by one, Sun Wukong’s sworn enemies were gathering.)

[It’s not over yet!]

[It’s fine as long as Tang Sanzang doesn’t touch the ‘sacred texts’!]

[Divide the army. One side shall retrieve the texts, while the others will suppress their Sanzang!]

She grabbed tightly onto the Chimera Dragon’s mane, currently in its Jade Dragon form. The main attack force of <Emperor> was now taking aim at her.

Kim Dok-Ja, meanwhile, was still too far from her.

[<Emperor>’s Twelve Star Lords are baring their Statuses!]

Ka-booooom!

Light exploded before her eyes.

The Chimera Dragon protected her by wrapping around her body. Choking heat penetrated into her entire figure. The second and third explosions went off one after the other and the Dragon screeched out loudly. Shin Yu-Seung gritted her teeth and leapt up by stepping on her mount’s back.

[Your Sponsor’s blessing is influencing you.]

[Your stunning talent has blossomed!]

[You have comprehended the ‘Way of the Wind’ on your own!]

She didn’t know how this was possible but still, Yu-Seung ran on the river’s surface. The blessing of [Way of the Wind] was exploding out from the tips of her feet, and golden ripples spread out everywhere they landed.

⸢Shin Yu-Seung ran as Kim Dok-Ja had.⸥

This was the same method that her Sponsor used to run.

A mixture of blades and spears pounced on her from the surroundings.

Three from the left, one from right.

Two more, from below.

She evaded them all by a hair’s breadth. However, the more she dodged, the more vicious the attacks became. Hundreds of sharp blades rained down like a dangerous storm. It was a spectacle akin to a monster opening its maw wide to bare hundreds of fangs at her.

And as she found herself right in front of such a monster, Shin Yu-Seung pulled out a dagger from her inner pocket.

⸢Shin Yu-Seung analysed the situation like Yu Jung-Hyeok.⸥

There was something she learned from Yu Jung-Hyeok some time ago.

[Fable, ‘Conquering King’s Disciple’, has begun its storytelling!]

⸢”In the future, you shall become the ‘Beast Lord’. Countless monstrous beings will cower before your feet and serve you.”⸥

⸢”However, that does not mean you can become friends with every monster out there.”⸥

During Kim Dok-Ja’s three-year absence, Yu Jung-Hyeok taught her how to hunt.

Ways to face off against large monsters. Ways to hunt monsters with sturdy outer shells. And even ways to kill monsters that were hard to fight against in close quarters.

⸢”If you must kill, then do not hesitate and end its life.”⸥

⸢”If you don’t, the one dying will be you.”⸥

The moment she held her breath, she spotted a gap between the blades.

It was the calm eye of the raging storm.

She unleashed all of her Status and threw the dagger in that gap.

Kwa-kwakwakwakwa!

Waves of winds scattered away and the blades flying in at her fanned out away from her.

Unfortunately, she couldn’t evade every single weapon; a blade’s edge brushed past her small figure. Blood spluttered out from her shoulder.

⸢Shin Yu-Seung crouched as Yi Hyeon-Seong would.⸥

She crouched and, while hiding behind one of the floating debris, Yi Hyeon-Seong’s face flitted in and out of her mind.

⸢”This is how you hide, you see? Don’t forget to always memorise the location of all the covers in your vicinity, okay?”⸥

Ahjussi, moving his bear-like huge body and assuming a crawling position with a troubled smile on his face. And then, Jeong Hui-Won’s voice, adding one more thing on top of what Yi Hyeon-Seong had said.

⸢”It’s possible that you won’t find a place to hide if there are too many enemies around.”⸥

⸢”Mm, you’re right.”⸥

The powers of the Dragon Kings of the Four Seas were currently controlling the river.

Sharp spears made out of water aimed at Shin Yu-Seung’s body and rushed in. Debris continued to explode one after the other, and there was no more place left to hide behind on the river’s surface now.

⸢”When that happens, you should use your enemies, instead. Like this.”⸥

Han Su-Yeong spoke as she grabbed and lifted the head of the crouching Yi Hyeon-Seong. Jeong Hui-Won was shooting a glare at her, while Yi Gil-Yeong was cackling away.

Shin Yu-Seung recalled all those memories and grabbed one of the Incarnations attacking her to use as a shield.

“W-what are you…. Kuwaaahk?!”

⸢Shin Yu-Seung became as cold-hearted as Han Su-Yeong.⸥

She discarded the Incarnation Body riddled with grisly holes and continued to run forward.

[She’s a pretty smart kid.]

[Do not let her get away!]

The distance to Kim Dok-Ja had closed up quite a bit.

“Ahjussi!”

Kim Dok-Ja’s figure stopped as if he heard her call.

As she looked into his empty eyes, Shin Yu-Seung recalled what Yu Sang-Ah told her in the past.

⸢”I’m sorry that the world is like this.”⸥

She could see her companions gathering around one by one.

⸢”I’m sorry that you got hurt like this. I’m sorry that you had to rely on powerless adults like us. Even if that’s case, I’ll promise you one thing. We’ll always be by your side. We’ll do our best so that you don’t get to use these types of skills.”⸥

Shin Yu-Seung remembered those words well.

⸢”To make sure that you don’t forget who you are.”⸥

Slice!

A long spear brushed past her cheek. She unconsciously touched there as blood trickled down. No one was around to help her. Neither Yu Jung-Hyeok’s back that protected his companions, nor Jeong Hui-Won’s sword that she could always rely on, were here.

A lengthy arm used the moment that she had lowered her guard and grabbed her collar. <Emperor>’s Twelve Star Lords were getting closer and closer.

[….Didn’t expect her to be a real kid.]

[They let a child play such an important role?]

The Status of <Emperor> that defied all attempts to resist pressured her entire frame.

In any other normal circumstances, she’d never be able to fight against these enemies. Running away was the obvious route to take, and seeking help from her comrades was the best she could do.

But, Shin Yu-Seung didn’t try to run away.

[Condensed Fable has caused an abnormal event!]

She slowly blinked and opened her eyes. Her heart previously pounding away like crazy suddenly grew calm. A cold glint flickered in her eyes next.

[Incarnation, ‘Shin Yu-Seung’s’, Attribute evolution is imminent.]

[You have found the opportunity to evolve your Attribute!]

“I’m not just a little child.”

[…What did you say?]

Shin Yu-Seung grabbed the Star Lord’s left arm. The powerful grip emanating from the child’s hand caused the Constellation’s arm to tremble.

“My name is Shin Yu-Seung.”

[You have acquired a legendary Attribute.]

[You have become the ‘Beast Lord’.]

“Shin Yu-Seung, from <Kim Dok-Ja Company>.”

A Status as white as snow ran amok on the surface of the river. As the Star Lords screamed and backed away, a girl wearing a white coat made an appearance before their shocked eyes.

[Beast King’s Sensitivity].

It was the greatest defensive skill of the ‘Beast Lord’ deployed by Shin Yu-Seung from the 41st turn.

The surrounding river water overflowed and every Yogoe, as well as monsters submerged under it, leapt out at once.

Gu-ooohhhhhh!

As if they wanted to pay respect to their ‘king’.

[Son of a…. Where did these things come from…?!]

[Attack! Kill these beasts first!]

<Emperor>’s Constellations began their bombardment. But a rising tide of monsters protected her.

“Chimera Dragon!”

Gu-aaaaahhh!

Affected by her Attribute, the [Chimera Dragon]’s body had grown even bigger. The creature swam in the water like an Imoogi and swallowed up the Star Lords while screeching out loudly. Constellations being torn apart by the sharp fangs cried out.

[You stinking lizard….!]

Shin Yu-Seung disregarded those Constellations and ran forward.

[OhOhOhOhOhOhOh]

[YuseungYuseungYuseungYuseungYuseung]

Yogoes created a clear path for her.

And now, the star was literally right before her nose.

“Ahjussi!”

She shouted at Kim Dok-Ja. However, he showed no signs of movement as if her voice didn’t reach him.

It was then she heard the Wenny King’s laughter resound out as it battled the Great Dokkaebis. [It’s too late. He now belongs to the ‘Great Plotter’.]

Those words seemed to be the trigger; the heavens above powerfully shook right away.

Tsu-chuchuchuchut!

A [Great Hole] boasting a size so immense that others couldn’t even be compared to was slowly revealing itself.

Great Yogoes on the river’s surface simultaneously lowered themselves. All the fur on the white coat of the [Beast King’s Sensitivity] rose up like fuzzy hair.

She could sense it without anyone telling her. The one descending right now, it was an existence far surpassing all the Constellations of the <Emperor> Nebula.

And Kim Dok-Ja was now that creature’s possession.

“I won’t allow that.”

[Tang Sanzang has recited the ‘Constrictive Sutra’!]

The moment Shin Yu-Seung activated the skill, the golden headband on Kim Dok-Ja’s head began emitting bright light.

[Item, ‘Constrictive Headband’, is reacting!]

The Constrictive Headband was a treasure to control Sun Wukong.

Didn’t matter whether it was an Yogoe transformation or not, every change taking place in Sun Wukong would come to a halt when the Sutra was being recited.

[What foolishness….!]

The Wenny King’s Status bore down on Shin Yu-Seung’s whole body. She tasted blood in the deepest part of her mouth. The coat created through [Beast King’s Sensitivity] flapped around crazily. She staggered on her feet as she walked closer to Kim Dok-Ja. One step closer, and yet one more step.

She saw his messed-up face, his gaunt cheeks. Her Sponsor, his eyes quietly closed.

“Ahjussi!”

[A brand new Fable is sprouting in you.]

She still had so many things to tell him.

She’d tell him about that stuff that saddened her.

And also tell him that Ahjussi looked terrible right now.

For the first time ever, she’d earnestly tell him everything.

“Please, please listen to my voice!”

She’d tell him that she wanted everyone to stop by at a PC Bang.

She’d pester him to buy her pizza and Cola and have a picnic by the Han River. And while talking about her impossible wishes in a world where many things have become impossible to enjoy….

….She’d become happy again.

Her vision quaked and tears streamed down without rest.

Finally, her hand touched the ends of Kim Dok-Ja’s fingertips.

One hand covered in scars wrapped around yet another, also covered in wounds. It hurt as wounds rubbed against each other. Even then, Shin Yu-Seung didn’t let go of that hand.

[Quasi Myth-grade Fable, ‘Saviour of a Star’, has been acquired!]

[Fable, ‘Saviour of a Star’, has begun its storytelling.]

“I still have too many things I haven’t told you yet!”

Like, when she was studying history with Sang-Ah unni.

Or, when she was cooking the hunted game with Jung-Hyeok ahjussi.

Back when she learned how to wield a sword from Hui-Won unni.

And when she practised riding a skateboard with Ji-Hye unni.

Also, when Hyeon-Seong ahjussi lifted her up and carried her around like an aeroplane….

When she ate ice cream with Yi Gil-Yeong and read a manhwa, knowing that the follow-up volume would never be released….

“I, really…..”

If only ahjussi was also in those memories.

“So many things….”

‘I’m not wishing for many things’ – she simply couldn’t say those words.

Because, the world’s Probability and this screwed-up <Star Stream> didn’t allow that.

“I just wanted to be normal….”

The stars in the sky were moving quickly.

Individual heavenly bodies sang their own Fables and looked at her.

[Many audience members are looking at you.]

Actually, she understood it already.

She knew that the ordinary happiness of an ordinary person in this world would not be able to attract any interest whatsoever.

And that was why that ordinary happiness….

….Was the greatest luxury in a ruined world.

Even then….

[Audience members are paying the cost to reveal their Modifiers.]

[Constellation, ‘Queen of the Darkest Spring’, is…..]

[Constellation, ‘Bald General of Justice’, is…..]

Even then, if someone was willing to hear her story….

[Constellation, ‘Demon-like Judge of Fire’, is….]

[Constellation, ‘Abyssal Black Flame Dragon’, is…..]

[Constellation, ‘Goryeo’s First Sword’, is…..

As the indirect messages continued to pour in, Shin Yu-Seung held Kim Dok-Ja’s hand even tighter.

It was precisely at that moment that a certain indirect message landed in her ear.

[Judge, ‘Prisoner of the Golden Headband’, has heard your story.]

Warmth began returning to Kim Dok-Ja’s hand.

A blinding torrent of golden rays shot out from Sun Wukong’s headband, and that was followed up by a raging storm of Probability’s powerful sparks.

Constellations of <Emperor> shouted in their great astonishment.

[C-could it be?? But that doesn’t make sense….!]

From several places in the sky, lightning-bolt-like rays gathered towards Kim Dok-Ja’s figure.

[Judge, ‘Bimawen’, has heard your story.]

(And in that moment.)

(Something that had never happened before in the history of ‘Journey to the West’ finally happened.)

[Judge, ‘Meihouwang’, has heard your story.]

(The retired Sun Wukong has finally turned over a new leaf.)

[Judge, ‘Dou-zhan-sheng-fo (Victorious Fighting Buddha)’, wishes to hear your next story.]

<Episode 83. Dok-Ja’s Incarnation (2)> Fin.
