# Chapter 456: The square circle (3)<hr>

“My concerns?”

“Yes. Uhm, like…. If you’re unhappy about your work, or….”

The first person I went to speak to was Yi Seol-Hwa. She was wearing an outdoor scientist garb, and with a small magnifying glass, studied every nook and cranny of my face as if I was some sort of an unidentified herb. She then replied to my question. “Mm, well, I don’t particularly have one.”

She might be saying that, but there was no way that she didn’t have any complaints.

“As the head representative of the company, I can only apologise to you. I’m aware that you have worked hard to protect Seoul during our absence.”

“H-mm.”

“It must’ve been very difficult to….”

“Do you really think so? And not like, staying back in Seoul must’ve been so much easier?”

Her voice sounded sharp, prompting my lips to close shut before I realised it.

“I knew it. That’s what you were really thinking of. You were just being sarcastic, yes?”

“No, never. I wouldn’t.”

“I know that others had been entering dangerous scenarios. Even if that was the case, remaining in Seoul wasn’t all plain sailing, you know.” Yi Seol-Hwa lowered her gaze and began searching for something within the bushes once more. “It should be around here somewhere….”

⸢Yi Seol-Hwa has never taken a day off.⸥

Her Fable began speaking up for her, instead.

⸢After the group departed from the [Industrial Complex], she operated its sickbay and looked after the patients. Every day, the injured suffering from similar types of wounds would rush in. She watched them die, and while looking at their passing, she thought about her companions.⸥

“I won’t be much help in the latter half of the scenarios. I’m well aware of my own potential, and my Constellation is also only a Historical Figure-grade as well. But, I still do my best every day.”

For sure, the intensity of Status floating about her vicinity felt quite different from before. It wasn’t as if her combat abilities had improved, but well, how should I put this? It was like her pool of knowledge in the skills had gotten even more profound.

“Whoever it is in the <Kim Dok-Ja Company>, I can save that person as long as he or she still breathes. I can ensure that no one will die.”

It was true that Yi Seol-Hwa’s current growth rate was unmatched in any of the regression turns from the original novel. If my guess was correct, then she should soon reach the pinnacle of ‘Life and Death Miraculous Doctor’. Without a doubt, she was a necessary person to achieve my dream ending.

“What kind of a person was I in the novel you read, Dok-Ja-ssi?”

I got flustered for a moment there by the unexpected question. “You were an important person.”

“Okay, by how much?”

Yi Seol-Hwa was one of the heroines to appear in the ‘Ways of Survival’. However, I couldn’t come out and say that she was Yu Jung-Hyeok’s lover from the past. From the get-go, I thought that he wouldn’t want that to be known…. And most importantly, I wasn’t sure if that would be an appropriate description offor the person called ‘Yi Seol-Hwa’. Who was she, really?

“Well, that…..”

Just before I could carry on, Yi Seol-Hwa’s expression brightened and she shouted out. “Aht! Found it!”

Her hand was holding a small flower. That must be the herb she was searching for. I immediately recognised what that was.

⸢White Ghostly Flame Flower. The final ingredient for the ‘Life and Death’ pill.⸥

At a casual glance, it looked like an ordinary wildflower. Eating this herb alone had no effect whatsoever. However, the miraculous elixir that was the [Life and Death Pill] could never be concocted without this herb.

She began smiling like a little kid. This sense of life that couldn’t be felt from the pages of the ‘Ways of Survival’ was emanating vividly right before my eyes.

⸢This is Yi Seol-Hwa.⸥

That’s why I gave up on recalling the words from the novel altogether. And then, I said some lame things instead. “You’re the best doctor that I know of.”

Praise cooked up by a small kid might be better sounding than that.

Even so, Yi Seol-Hwa grinned back at me. “Thank you. Even if you didn’t mean it.”

“I did mean it, though….”

“Please wait for me. I will turn those empty words into reality soon.”

I watched her leave in search of another herb, and came to a realisation. What she was curious about earlier wasn’t the ‘Ways of Survival’. Unlike me, she didn’t need such a novel in the first place.

[You have currently resolved 0 complaints.]

I hadn’t made any headway into the scenario, but I didn’t feel so bad.

“It’s not that easy, right?”

I looked behind and found Yu Sang-Ah once more.

“….Yes, it’s not easy.”

“But, that’s only natural. If you could finish up all the conversations you had been putting off as if it’s some kind of an event, then that’s something out of a novel, not reality.”

“I guess so.”

“Even then, you must carry on.”

I nodded my head. “Who do you think I should speak to next?”

“It’d been better if you did it yourself, but I’ll help you again this one last time.”

She used her hand to shield her eyes and scanned our companions. It was then, a message entered my ear.

[Currently, <Kim Dok-Ja Company>’s contracted workers are feeling dissatisfied.]

….Contracted workers? Did our Nebula have people like that?

Yu Sang-Ah then pointed to a spot. “Why don’t you head over there this time?”

The moment I looked there, I realised who the ‘contracted workers’ were.

-

A short while later, I was addressing three people standing before me.

“I have something to discuss with you.”

“What is it? I’m really busy so hurry up. I must go and find that ‘Black Flame Dragon’s Star Relic’, right now!!”

Han Myeong-Oh raised his voice as if to urge me along. Gong Pil-Du and his disinterested face, and the pouting Jang Ha-Yeong were standing next to him. I could easily tell that they weren’t exactly happy about being summoned here like this.

Even though they had experienced scenarios together with us, they hadn’t joined the <Kim Dok-Ja Company> properly yet.

“Everyone, there’s something you should know first.”

I decided to tell them something that they didn’t know, a piece of information that <Kim Dok-Ja Company>’s companions already knew – the ‘Ways of Survival’.

It was a big decision on my part to tell them about it, but rather contrary to my initial expectation, Gong Pil-Du’s reaction was lukewarm at best.

“There was a time when I used to believe everything in the land price pamphlets. I guess you’re still too naïve.”

“Pardon?”

“Young people these days….”

It seemed that Gong Pil-Du didn’t really get what I was saying.

On the other hand, Han Myeong-Oh seemed to be under a great mental shock. “S-so you knew everything, yet you just left me to end up in that wretched state??”

Jang Ha-Yeong also seemed to be surprised, albeit for different reasons. “So, that’s how it was. That’s why you knew so much back in the Demon World….”

Thankfully, their reactions weren’t as bad as I thought. But then again, they had already met a regressor and plenty of reincarnators, so maybe, my story didn’t sound so crazy to them by now.

I breathed a sigh of relief inwardly and continued on. “There’s only one reason why I told you this information. I’d like to formally hire you into the <Kim Dok-Ja Company>.”

My words caused the three to exchange glances with each other.

The first one to speak was Gong Pil-Du. “On whose authority?”

[Incarnation ‘Gong Pil-Du’, has joined <Kim Dok-Ja Company>.]

….Could it be that the term “being coy” was invented for this ahjussi?

Next up was Han Myeong-Oh. “Are you going to retain my previous position as a department head?”

“Well, we don’t have any ranks like that, but if you want, I can create one for you.”

“Please make sure that you pay your wages on time. As for paternity leave and overtime…..”

[Incarnation ‘Han Myeong-Oh’, has joined <Kim Dok-Ja Company>.]

Finally, I shifted my gaze over to Jang Ha-Yeong.

[Incarnation ‘Jang Ha-Yeong’, has joined <Kim Dok-Ja Company>.]

“….Okay, so, Flame Dragon-ah, something happened just now, and it’s….”

She was using her ‘Wall’ to send out messages of her employment to pretty much everywhere.

Congratulatory messages from her friends in the <Star Stream> continued to flood in. While looking at her being genuinely happy, I grew a lot more complicated in my head.

If I knew she’d be this happy, then I should’ve let her join us earlier.

“By the way Kim Dok-Ja, why are you suddenly letting me join you?”

She waited for my answer with sparkling eyes.

I had several reasons why I didn’t let Jang Ha-Yeong join the <Kim Dok-Ja Company>. But at least for today, I didn’t want to think about them. I definitely needed her. However, I didn’t bring her into the Nebula simply because her presence was a must during the Conclusion.

“I wanted to witness the end of the scenario with you.”

Jang Ha-Yeong’s eyes grew wider after she heard me.

I felt uncomfortable while watching her pale cheeks tremble like that. As expected of someone possessing looks that easily slapped Yu Jung-Hyeok’s cheeks at least two times in a row.

She blinked her large, clear eyes and energetically nodded her head. “I’ll really work hard!”

She clenched her fists tightly and began typing away once more.

[Congratulations! You have resolved the complaint of the contracted worker!]

[You have currently resolved 1 complaint.]

I finally succeeded with one.

So, being the head representative was this tough, huh.

[Constellation, ‘Abyssal Black Flame Dragon’, is asking you if the rumour is true.]

What rumour??

[Constellation, ‘Abyssal Black Flame Dragon’, is asking you if you really confessed to Jang Ha-Yeong.]

[Constellation, ‘Most Ancient Liberator’, is asking the maknae Sun Wukong…..]

….Just what kind of a rumour was spreading around here?

I had no idea what she was so busily typing away there, but regardless, I could see Jang Ha-Yeong diligently tapping on the imaginary keyboard in the air.

“Hey, you. Come and eat supper!”

Han Su-Yeong’s loud shout came from afar.

The delicious aroma wafting in from somewhere attracted the companions and we gathered around one by one. Then, Han Su-Yeong stared at Yu Jung-Hyeok as if it was the most obvious thing in the world.

“Well, then. Shall we taste your high-and-mighty cooking skill in action, then?”

“….And why should I share my cooking with you?” He glared at the rest of the group with a menacing glare, before turning around to leave while throwing these following words behind. “….There are leftovers that side, so why don’t you eat that.”

We looked over in the direction he was pointing at. And straight away, we became utterly speechless.

⸢They were now witnessing the essence of cooking.⸥

We all settled down quietly on the table like a bunch of mice that got entranced by the pied piper, and then, began rubbing our eyes in disbelief.

These were dishes created out of the monster that Yi Gil-Yeong and Shin Yu-Seung caught, as well as with the medicinal herbs Yi Seol-Hwa had found. No, hang on…. How could he even come up with a feast of this scale with only those ingredients?

I was pretty certain that the dining table of ‘Shi Huangdi who dreamed of Immortality’ wouldn’t be as flashy as this one.

“Wow. Master, you gotta come and cook during my funeral, okay?”

“Why your funeral, though? That’s really an ominous declaration, you know.”

The group began hurriedly chowing down the grub. Jeong Hui-Won, Yi Ji-Hye, Han Myeong-Oh, Gong Pil-Du, even Jang Ha-Yeong…. They were all seriously focused on eating right now.

Even Han Su-Yeong and Yu Sang-Ah, too.

“Hey, hold up. That’s my share.”

“There’s enough to go around for everyone. Why are you being so greedy?”

Some even began fighting over the food, too.

“Ahjussi, please try this one!”

“Hyung, this one, too!”

Yi Gil-Yeong and Shin Yu-Seung sat on either side of me and shoved spoonfuls of food into my mouth without a moment’s rest. My cheeks swelled up like a hamster as I chewed the rice, and of course, I didn’t forget to feed the kids side dishes in the meantime. It was tasty. Seriously tasty. So tasty, in fact, I was almost thankful that the ‘Ways of Survival’ had become reality for a moment there.

Shin Yu-Seung’s eyes rolled around as she chewed the meat, then she whispered in a small voice. “It’s like we’re on a school trip….”

When I heard her, I immediately wanted to kick myself to death for feeling thankful that the ‘Ways of Survival’ had become reality.

The school field trip – one of the things children had lost in this world.

I placed my hands on the heads of the kids and spoke to them. “You’re right. It’s like a field trip.”

Although, the one learning from this trip wasn’t the kids but me.

“Ahjussi, what would you like to do after the scenarios are over?”

“Hyung will live with me.”

“I wasn’t asking you!”

What I want to do after the scenarios were over…. Normally, I’d have smiled and glossed over the topic, but for some reason, I…. I ended up uttering out something without realising it.

“I want to buy a really big house and live together with everyone.”

When I raised my head, I noticed that the once-noisy surroundings had fallen into an eerily silence. Yi Ji-Hye, Jeong Hui-Won, Gong Pil-Du…. even Han Su-Yeong was looking at me, her mouth agape.

Jeong Hui-Won was the first to fire the salvo. “….In that case, Dok-Ja-ssi, you’ll be paying for the house, yes?”

….Ng?

“Ahjussi, you’re really loaded, so you might be able to get a house in Gangnam.”

“I’ll sell you my land.”

“If it’s possible, somewhere close to the kids’ school….”

I had no idea that something I just threw out there would cause such a ripple.

And so, the group chatted about the potential house I’d buy throughout the supper. Stuff about how the interior should look like, or how many rooms it needed to have….

Washing the dishes was left to me and Jeong Hui-Won, the two losers from the rock-paper-scissors. I could have won by using [Omniscient Reader’s Viewpoint], but of course I wouldn’t do that during this trip.

[You have acquired a new Fable!]

[You have acquired the Fable, ‘the One who Yanked Out the Conscience’s Fur’.]

….Also, it was nice to get a new Fable, too.

As I was cleaning the dishes, I spotted something falling in the distant skies above. It was a shooting star. Falling stars that left behind lengthy trails.

Most likely, those were planets that were falling for real.

The <Star Stream> was marching towards its own oblivion.

Jeong Hui-Won looking up at the sky next to me spoke up. “It’s like back then in the [Cinema Dungeon].”

I nodded my head. For sure, it was kind of similar to that day. We were also together like this on the rooftop of the dungeon. We were looking at the falling stars and making our wishes.

“Dok-Ja-ssi, you asked me to become your sword back then.”

Indeed, I asked her to become my comrade in that place. And after that, she had become the greatest ally anyone could ask for. Without her, I wouldn’t have been able to arrive at this moment in time.

“….But, someone else became the literal sword instead of me.”

Those words made me shift my gaze over to the [Steelsword] laying quietly on the ground. Even as everyone was taking their much-deserved break, the sole person to miss out on the festivities was right there. Yi Hyeon-Seong with his heart not beating – he seemed to regain his consciousness sporadically, but he remained as a sword and didn’t want to move.

“Please do not worry. Before we head off to the next scenario, I’ll definitely wake up Hyeon-Seong-ssi.”

“You know of a way?”

I nodded my head.

Yi Hyeon-Seong’s issue wasn’t the only one we need to deal with, though.

We now required much greater power. Because, our goal didn’t simply stop at clearing the scenarios, that’s why.

To fight the <Bureau> as well as the entirety of the <Star Stream>, I needed to start gathering Constellations that would stand with us.

[Constellation, ‘Master of Steel’, is looking at you.]

And Yi Hyeon-Seong’s Constellation backer would be the first to join us.

Jeong Hui-Won spoke up as if my confident expression left an impression on her. “By the way, Dok-Ja-ssi?”

“Yes?”

“Will it be fine for you to stand around here trying to look cool? I mean, aren’t you in the middle of a scenario? You really aren’t a being-kidnapped-and-dying enthusiast, are you?”

“Uhm…..”

Along with her words, the scenario window popped up before my eyes.

[The day is coming to a close.]

[You have currently resolved 1 complaint.]

I reconfirmed the failure penalty of the sub scenario once more.

-

Failure: Death (?)

-

I looked up at the shooting star in the sky.

“….Maybe, this might very well be my Final Scenario.”

<Episode 86. The square circle (3)> Fin.
