# Chapter 472: One Person (1)<hr>

The forged steel expanded and protected both me and Yi Ji-Hye.

[Constellation, ‘Master of Steel’ is revealing his Status.]

Yi Hyeon-Seong’s Sponsor was the original ‘Master of Steel’. However, he was killed off during the <Oz> incident the last time. Before that, though, he managed to successfully hand his Modifier over to someone else.

[[King of Silverlight Heart.]]

The King of Silverlight Heart, that was the new ‘Master of Steel’. He was yet another existence who witnessed the 999th turn’s Conclusion, alongside the ‘Master of the Sunken Island’.

And it was none other than Yi Hyeon-Seong from the 999th turn.

[[Stop with your ridiculous charade as a Sponsor. What do you think you’re doing?]]

Was it because she was facing another ‘King’ like her? The 999th turn’s Yi Ji-Hye was rapidly regaining her reasoning.

[[You kept silent when we were calling for you, so why are you appearing like this now?]]

The ‘Master of the Sunken Island’ continued on.

[[It was you who suggested that we follow the rules. We promised to find our stories again even if that meant we’d become the apocalypse of another world. To get our scenarios back from the <Star Stream>….. That’s what you suggested, right?]]

The Fables flowing near them helped me to guess what their lives had been like.

⸢Ji-Hye-ya. We must stick to the rules. Even if we become the ‘Outer Gods’, do not forget that rule.⸥

⸢Only that rule will protect you when the world tries to inflict you with pain.⸥

⸢It’ll speak up for you – that you are not wrong.⸥

Just like how Yi Ji-Hyes from different regression turns were still Yi Ji-Hye, Yi Hyeon-Seongs found in the same turns were also undoubtedly, Yi Hyeon-Seong. Even after he became an Outer God, his original nature didn’t change.

The ‘King of Silverlight Heart’ stared at me next. I couldn’t decipher the emotions contained within his gaze.

[[This is my rule, Ji-Hye-ya. To prevent the re-enactment of the 999th turn’s tragedy.]]

[[What rubbish are you talking about? Is ‘rules’ something you can easily change on a whim like flipping your hand around??]]

[[I’ve heard several stories from my Sponsor who used to live this world-line. In some ways…. this world-line could very well be the one we’ve been searching for.]] The ‘King of Silverlight Heart’ was glowing coldly as he spoke. [[The world-line where the ‘end’ of everything could be witnessed.]]

Those words caused the 999th turn’s Yi Ji-Hye to hesitate. [[Such a world-line can’t exist. Besides, this world-line is about to end, anyway. Even if you interfere, even if I stop….]]

It seemed that the ‘King of Silverlight Heart’ chose not to become the calamity of the ‘Great Apocalypse’. I expected something like that, though. If he really was thinking of harming us, then he’d have done so back in the <Oz>.

And since I knew that, I decided to bring our Yi Hyeon-Seong here. As a final hidden card prepared for that one off-chance.

[[These people aren’t that weak. Uriel alone won’t make it.]]

The ‘King of Silverlight Heart’ ended his words there. The ‘Master of the Sunken Island’ then replied, her empty, wandering eyes staring at the distant horizon. But then, life returned to her eyes right next moment, with an expression of someone who saw something quite unpleasant.

[[What if she’s not alone?]]

And then, pitch-black darkness blanketed the world beyond the horizon.

Something we failed to foresee was revealing itself over yonder.

-

The rest of <Kim Dok-Ja Company>’s companions were camping out near Dokdo Island, waiting for ‘something’ to show up.

A short while after Kim Dok-Ja had disappeared towards the Pacific Ocean, they started hearing the drumbeat-like noises bellowing out from there every so often. They flinched every time they heard those noises. No one said anything about their intermittent flinching movement, but they all knew what it meant, anyway.

‘I want to go and help Kim Dok-Ja.’

However, they endured it. This was all part of their strategy. If they carelessly made a move here, then forget about saving Kim Dok-Ja, they might end up losing everything, instead. They simply had to stick to the plan. According to the plan, this place was…

Ku-gugugugu.

It was right then they felt the heat coming from the sky. Powerful heatwaves completely blanketed the entirety of the ocean. When they reflexively raised their heads, they were treated to a truly unbelievable spectacle.

Kim Dok-Ja was right.

⸢The burning, seething sun was falling towards the middle of the ocean.⸥

Han Su-Yeong in charge of the control tower shouted out from the top of Gong Pil-Du’s fortress. “Get ready for battle!!”

This heat was so intense that it felt like even their souls were melting. And within the solar flames, the bewinged 999th turn’s Uriel floated silently.

[[Where is the ‘Secretive Plotter’?]]

⸢The Outer God King, the ‘Living Flame’ that rises up from the east.⸥

Han Su-Yeong swallowed back her saliva after sensing the enormous Status wafting in front of her. More correctly, she tried to. However, she couldn’t sense any moisture within her mouth as if all of her salivae had evaporated. She forced her parched throat to speak up.

“And now, we commence with the ‘flame extinguishment’.”

The flame extinguishment – that was the mission the first team was tasked with. Han Su-Yeong recalled the last words Kim Dok-Ja said to her before he disembarked.

– Don’t kill her. She’s also ‘Uriel’.

….That damn Kim Dok-Ja. He wanted them to subdue such a thing without killing it??

The silence continued and the ‘Living Flame’ narrowed her eyes. [[If you aren’t going to answer….]]

“Yu Sang-Ah!”

The signal was given and Yu Sang-Ah extended her arms out. As her Buddhist robe wavered gently, a gigantic Mandala spun around behind her and it shot towards the sun. The strongest debuff skill <Kim Dok-Ja Company> currently possessed was activated.

[Fable, ‘Hour of Mandala’, is activating!]

It was really negligible, but the movement of the sun had become just a little slower.

The 999th turn’s Uriel muttered out. [[….Interfering with time and space? Is Sakyamuni in this place? I haven’t sensed his aura, though?]]

Ku-dudududu!

She clenched her fist and the space-time of the surrounding world shook powerfully as if it’d shatter at any moment.

Blood leaked out of Yu Sang-Ah’s lips. “This is the best I can do!”

“Jeong Hui-Won! Shin Yu-Seung!”

Two of them dashed forward after hearing Han Su-Yeong’s order.

The first one the 999th turn’s Uriel discovered was Shin Yu-Seung. The shadow of a huge Dragon was cast on the ocean’s surface. And then, the Poison Breath blanketed the sun’s destructive conflagration.

[[So, you’re this world-line’s ‘Beast Lord’?]]

A portion of Uriel’s Incarnation Body touched by the Breath changed colour, but that lasted only for a short while. Her skin reverted back to normal in the blink of an eye.

“Why don’t you try to block this, too!”

That voice came from right beside her, and the 999th turn’s Uriel reflexively swung her sword.

Claaaaaaaang!!

[Flames of Retribution] and [Judge’s Sword] collided.

Just one collision and Jeong Hui-Won had to retreat while vomiting out blood.

[Incarnation ‘Jeong Hui-Won’ is currently activating ‘Hour of Judgement’!]

[[The Hour of Judgement? How are you using that technique against me?]]

“Who knows?”

The [Hellfire] covered Jeong Hui-Won’s sword, and the wings of Archangel spread out from behind her back. The 999th turn’s Uriel confirmed them and her expression hardened as she unleashed her Status.

[[….So, you are my Incarnation.]]

As if to oppose that statement, the power of the Constellation emanated from Jeong Hui-Won’s body as well.

[Hui-Won-ee is my Incarnation, not yours!]

Two Uriels unleashed their Statuses at each other and began colliding.

The first exchange, then the second; as the collision increased in frequency, Jeong Hui-Won’s expression quickly grew more and more agitated.

“What kind of power is…!”

[[I won’t get fooled by those ridiculous memories again like the last time.]]

Jeong Hui-Won was forced to go on the defensive in an instant, leading Uriel to urgently shout out. [■ck! Are you just going to watch and do nothing?!]

Almost at the same time, jet-black flames sneak-attacked the 999th turn’s Uriel on her back. The ‘Living Flame’ frowned heavily and spoke up. [[The Black Flame Dragon.]]

The Black Flame Dragon shouted out triumphantly, the bandages unwrapped from both of his arms now. [Kekeke. How did that feel, you stinking Angel!]

The Absolute Good and the Absolute Evil. Two Fable-grade Constellations who used to be sworn enemies once upon a time were fighting together in order to stop this calamity.

The [Hellfire] and [Black Flame] bore down on the army of the sun. And as she was bathed in the storm of blinding light rays, Han Su-Yeong quietly shuddered.

‘….So strong.’

With just one hand, the ‘Living Flame’ was fighting against those two powerful Constellations. This opponent couldn’t be pushed back even when the two of them combined their strengths.

[[Me of this turn only amounts to this much? Where is <Eden>? Why are you fighting alongside these people?]]

[■ck, Eden has been destroyed already!!]

[[….<Eden> is no more? And you wish to confront me without the blessing of the Nebula?]]

The Living Flame then turned her head away as if to indicate that she had no more reason to fight these two. The sun’s rays seemed to grow even stronger, then some things began crawling out from the intense heat. They were ‘Outer Gods’ that followed her. An army numbering several thousand was waiting for her command.

[[Go. Find the ‘Secretive Plotter’.]]

Their march began. Countless ‘Nameless Ones’ possessing burning wings began descending to the world below. At this rate, the whole of the Korean Peninsula might get swept aside in an instant.

[Incarnation ‘Shin Yu-Seung’ is activating ‘Superlative Diverse Communication Lv.???’!]

Shin Yu-Seung made her move.

Countless aquatic creatures burst out of the ocean’s surface and leapt up to bite the ankles of the ‘Nameless Ones’ before dragging them down.

Then, the Master of the Armed Fortress, Gong Pil-Du joined her as well. Automated turrets installed atop the defensive walls began spitting out licks of flames, and the Nameless Ones turning into Swiss cheese all screamed in pain.

The 999th turn’s Uriel spoke up. [[You even accepted such an evil man as your comrade? How pathetic.]]

The ‘Nameless Ones’ continued to march towards unfazed towards Gong Pil-Du’s fortress. And just as one of the outer walls was about to be destroyed by the constant attacks of the Outer Gods, Han Su-Yeong cried out.

“Yi Gil-Yeong!”

As if he was waiting for that, Yi Gil-Yeong immediately appeared above the wall. Jet-black Status was tightly wrapped around the boy as he roared out to the sky. When he did, yellowish clouds rushed in from somewhere and covered up the heavens above. It was only for a moment, but this new army was vast enough to hide that white-hot star.

[Constellation, ‘Ruler of the Deepest Pit’, is baring its white fangs.]

[[….Demon God Abaddon? Why is a bastard like you here??]]

Surprised by an unexpected enemy’s entrance, the 999th turn’s Uriel growled menacingly.

With Shin Yu-Seung and Gong Pil-Du, and now also Yi Gil-Yeong added to the mix, the battle had finally become evenly-matched. Abaddon’s yellow locust swarm threw themselves at the ‘Nameless Ones’ and blocked them.

[Gah-aaaaaah!!]

The Nameless Ones writhed in pain. The 999th Uriel furrowed her brows. While easily defending against the Archangel Uriel and the Black Flame Dragon’s combined assault with only one hand, she began concentrating magical energy on the other. She was planning to break through the encirclement with her own [Hellfire].

However, there was someone here capable of reading her thoughts first.

“Now! Attack!”

Han Su-Yeong’s signal prompted a lengthy scythe to leap out from the surface of the deep ocean.

Accompanied by the slicing noise, a huge wound was inflicted on the former Archangel’s wing. White feathers scattered alongside the Fable of the other world.

[[King of the <Underworld>….!]]

For the first time ever, the expression of the 999th turn’s Uriel had completely stiffened.

[Nebula, <Underworld>, is releasing the stored-up Fable!]

Hades and the portion of <Underworld>’s elite forces crossed over using a portal. Which included the three Judges as well as Persephone.

The ‘Nameless Ones’ guarding the sun were brought down, and the <Underworld>’s Status began pressuring the 999th turn’s Uriel. However, she steadfastly withstood it.

The Incarnations of Sakyamuni and the Archangel Uriel, as well as the Abyssal Black Flame Dragon. And on top of that, the Myth-grade Constellation Hades, too. Even though one of her wings was torn from a sneak attack, and she was currently subjected under the combat force of a fairly-strong Nebula as well, she was not being pushed back at all.

No, it seemed that she was actually searching for an opportunity to overturn this situation, instead.

“What are you waiting for?! Hurry up and join them!”

[Constellation, ‘Most Ancient Liberator’, lazily makes his move as if he finds this whole affair bothersome.]

Ku-gugugugu!

Gloomy clouds rolled in just above the yellow-coloured clouds. Lightning emitting an ominous bluish glow suddenly crashed down to the ocean below without holding back.

The heavens breathlessly flickered; a figure of an aloof Constellation was revealed in between the lightning flares brushing by – a Myth-grade Constellation blessed with dancing platinum hair and a rather uniquely-arrogant grin stood there.

The moment the 999th turn’s Uriel opened her eyes wide, the Ruyi Jingu Bang filling up her view powerfully smashed her entire body down.

She failed to withstand the impact force and her Incarnation Body slammed into the ocean with a deafening explosion noise.

<Episode 90: One Person (1)> Fin.
