# Chapter 492: Omniscient Author’s Viewpoint (6)<hr>

The announcement of the paywall brought about a deep silence in the channel.

Only Han Su-Yeong’s heavy breathing could be heard within the pitch-black darkness of the stage.

“If you wish to continue watching this tragedy….”

What <Kim Dok-Ja Company> lacked right now was ‘Probability’.

Probability. The thing that made the story flow naturally and in a plausible manner. The set of rules that could only be changed by the gazes of countless Constellations, and the Coins they sponsored.

“….It’s time you guys pay, too.”

Only then did she figure out Kim Dok-Ja’s plan in its entirety. And because she did, she could say this out aloud now.

Selling off the tragedy of his life lived solely for the purpose of saving his companions, just like how his mother did once upon a time; Kim Dok-Ja wanted to change this scenario by selling the tragedy <Kim Dok-Ja Company> had created.

[The absolute majority of Constellations are greatly shocked!]

Han Su-Yeong’s declaration caused the Constellations to grow hesitant.

She recalled the memories from back when her novel went behind the paywall for the first time ever.

⸢Author-nim, it’ll start from tomorrow.⸥

She felt the exact same emotion back then as today. The feeling of not knowing what would happen in the future.

How many people would end up reading my writing?

How long would I be able to live on by selling off this story?

‘You stinking Kim Dok-Ja. So, you slapped me with this kind of role, is that it??’

What she needed to do right now wasn’t selling some novels.

[Great Fable, ‘Demon World’s Spring’, wishes to tell the next part of the story!]

[Great Fable, ‘Torch the Swallowed the Myth’, wishes to tell the next part of the story!]

[Great Fable, ‘Season of Light and Darkness’, wishes to tell the next part of the story!]

[Great Fable, ‘Liberator of the Forgotten Ones’, wishes to tell the next part of the story!]

….The words written by <Kim Dok-Ja Company>’s blood and tears.

What she needed to sell was their life story. Fables that she couldn’t carelessly change or tell in a jokey manner. Even then, she offered up these Fables for sale to the Constellations.

Biyu and her concerned eyes were looking at her from the sky. Han Su-Yeong smiled as if to say, don’t worry.

“There’s no one? That’s too bad. Things are about to get really interesting from now on.”

Only she could do this job. Only Han Su-Yeong, designated as the baddie among <Kim Dok-Ja Company>, could sell this story.

As if to sympathise with her, the movements of the Outer God King was getting duller. Maybe, he was wallowing in sorrow.

[How laughable. Who do you think will be interested in your measly little story?]

The one to shatter this silence was the Myth-grade Constellation, Poseidon. The figures of other Myth-grade Constellations could be seen in the distance as well. They were all mocking Han Su-Yeong.

[Do you really believe that your ‘Fable’ is worth that much?]

It was the same with the Great Dokkaebis; they all seemed to be thinking that Han Su-Yeong’s choice was an error in judgement, one made while under the weight of the encroaching end.

Tsu-chuchuchut!

Once the Constellations left, the channel’s size shrunk down. Some channels even tried to butt in using this opportunity. Channels that belonged to Dokkaebis hostile towards <Kim Dok-Ja Company>.

[Finish them.]

Constellations manning their positions at the back made their moves. They were mostly Myth-grade, or those top-ranked Fable-grade Constellations that almost equalled them in power.

[Constellation, ‘One Responsible for the Universe’s Cycle’, is surveying the scenario’s battlefield!]

[Constellation, ‘Mirror that Emits Smoke’, is incarnating into the scenario’s battlefield!]

[Constellation, ‘Master of Thunder and War’, is incarnating into the scenario’s battlefield!]

Indian myth’s Brahma.

Aztec myth’s Tezcatlipoca.

Even Slavic myth’s Perun.

The Constellations from the different large-scale Nebulas that never showed themselves in the lower scenarios until now – their movement alone was ‘Fable’ in itself.

And when the Great Fables began their actions, the flow pressuring the battlefield intensified even more.

Gah-aaaaaah, Puh-guh-guk!!

The ‘Nameless Ones’ desperately blocking the Constellations approaching Kim Dok-Ja were blown up indiscriminately.

Myth-grade Constellations possessed the largest shares of the ‘Great Fable’ of each Nebula. Once they began moving their Probability, the balance of the engagement tilted in their favour in an instant.

Han Su-Yeong watched the incoming wave of the stars and muttered out. “Even in places you didn’t bother to look, we managed to eke out a living.”

The screens might be blacked out, but the sounds still continued to be transmitted. And probably, her voice was being heard by every Constellation in the channel.

⸢Han Su-Yeong also knew. Not every Constellation liked them.⸥

<Kim Dok-Ja Company> had a lot of enemies. Some cheered their Fable on, but some others either were jealous of them, or in some cases, even hated them. At times, malice with no basis could be found, too.

However, there was one common denominator among that gamut of emotions. And that was the fact that they had been watching a certain Fable for a very long time.

⸢A story that you spent a very long time with will eventually become a part of you.⸥

Just like Kim Dok-Ja and the ‘Ways of Survival’.

“However, the moment you close your eyes, this story you’ve been watching will end right here.”

Her words didn’t target any particular listener; meaning, it was a declaration aimed at everyone.

Eventually, Constellations annihilated the front ranks of the ‘Outer Gods’ and rushed in. The <Kim Dok-Ja Company>’s companions stepped up to block them.

Kwa-aaaaaah!

A baptism of Status in the form of Poseidon’s wave with Zeus’s lightning added on top, crashed in. Outer Gods burning away like meat being grilled by electricity died in their droves. Even those from <Kim Dok-Ja Company> wouldn’t be able to receive that wave with their current body conditions. Even then, Han Su-Yeong believed in her comrades.

“Even if I die, I will never stop moving.”

Han Su-Yeong fired [Black Flame] with every ounce of her energy. However, its power was less than a quarter after being suppressed by the Probability.

And just as Poseidon’s wave reached the front of their nose and began pouncing on them…

⸢For a very brief moment there, it felt as if the world came to a standstill.⸥

Also, it felt like a fundamental something that created this world seemed to have changed, as if a thin brush was painting over it. And then in the following moment, the frozen world began moving forward again.

[A fatal error has occurred in the Final Scenario!]

Poseidon’s wave and Zeus’s lightning pounced on her and <Kim Dok-Ja Company>.

Kwa-dudududu!!

More correctly, pounced on the protective barrier in front of them.

It was the sturdy, vast wall of forged steel. Which was Yi Hyeon-Seong’s Fable. His Fable that blanketed the entire planet back in <Oz> was now protecting his companions.

But, he should still be under the restrictions by the Bureau. So how could he?

“Su-Yeong-ssi.”

A terrifying amount of sparks was streaming all over Yi Hyeon-Seong’s body. But, it wasn’t only him. Everyone from <Kim Dok-Ja Company>, wasting away under the Bureau’s restrictions, were now enveloped in the dancing blue-hued sparks. Their once-imprisoned muscles regained their freedom, and the arrested magical energy was being freed as well.

[The error in the channel’s donation payout has been normalised.]

The message entered their ears in the next moment.

[Delayed donation amounts will now be paid out!]

Biyu could be seen crying softly in the air next. At the same time, an incredible amount of indirect messages smacked Han Su-Yeong in her ear.

[Constellation, ‘Demon-like Judge of Fire’, happily donates half of the Coins she owns!]

Just how much was the half of Coins amassed by a Constellation at the cusp of reaching the Myth-grade? Han Su-Yeong couldn’t even estimate the amount.

[Constellation, ‘Abyssal Black Flame Dragon’, is paying an incredible amount of Coins while grumbling unhappily!]

[Constellation, ‘Most Ancient Liberator’, is…..]

So, so many stars began glowing brightly.

The Nebula’s safe started filling up rapidly with wealth.

[Nebula safe total balance: 83,112,540 C]

[Nebula safe total balance: 162,423,800 C]

….

……..

[Nebula safe total balance: 1,041,512,080 C]

The total Coins surpassed 100 million in no time, before breaking past a billion mark.

That pretty much determined what Han Su-Yeong should do next. Which was to spend every single cent of that donated amount into the Probability.

Tsu-chuchuchuchut!!

“Everyone, hold on!”

[Constellation, ‘Mass Production-type Maker’, is grinning brightly.]

[Constellation, ‘Mass Production-type Maker’, has donated the number of Coins that exceeds the upper donation limit!]

The geezer wearing the pineapple-themed T-shirt.

Back when Han Su-Yeong went to shoot a commercial for the [Ferrarghini], she had a chance to chat to him for a brief spell.

⸢You really think such adverts will sell your car?⸥

When Han Su-Yeong asked, the Mass Production-type Maker replied in a somewhat obtuse manner.

⸢I’m not advertising to sell, but advertising the product about to be sold.⸥

And now, she thought she could understand that answer just a bit.

[Constellation, ‘Joseon’s Number One Sorcerer’, is donating 5,000 Coins!]

[Constellation, ‘Meirangong Marquis Zhuangmou’, is donating 5,100 Coins!]

[Constellation, ‘Father of the Rich Night’, is donating everything in his secret stash!]

[Constellation, ‘Mother of the Darkest Spring’, is donating half of the Underworld’s balance!]

[Constellation, ‘Supreme God of Light’, is donating 2,100,000 Coins!]

[Constellation, ‘Lily Blooming on Aquarius’, is donating 1,500,000 Coins!]

Constellations of familiar Modifiers.

[Constellation, ‘Lame Trickster’, is donating 15,000 Coins.]

[Constellation, ‘Monarch of Small Fries’, is donating 450,000 Coins.]

[Constellation, ‘Adventurer that Stands up an Egg’, is donating 18,000 Coins!]

[Constellation, ‘Master of the Niten Ichu-ryu’, is donating 4,000 Coins!]

[All the stars in the Big Dipper are donating 300,000 Coins!]

[A small Constellation from a small planet is donating 300 Coins!]

Constellations that were familiar, but not counted on.

[A great number of Constellations staying anonymous have added their strength to the Nebula <Kim Dok-Ja Company>’s Probability!]

And finally, even the Constellations they didn’t know.

Every Constellation that came along for the ride with <Kim Dok-Ja Company>’s Fable was now sponsoring their story.

Light returned to the once-darkened channel, and the broadcast began once more.

[Channel BY-9158’s broadcast will begin again!]

The story was starting again. All these Coins contained the wills of the Constellations.

⸢Their desire to see the end of this Fable.⸥

Han Su-Yeong too understood this desire. However, there were some who failed to do so.

[What are you all doing?! Could it be that you’re sympathising with those Incarnations?? With the ⸢Enemies of the Story⸥?? Everyone, you must wake up!! Have you all forgotten who you are?! Oh, dear Constellations, don’t let your eyes be stolen away by a demeaning story like that!]

The Great Dokkaebi roared out. That prompted someone to answer back.

[Constellation, ‘Demon-like Judge of Fire’, says she’s more clear-headed than ever before.]

Tsu-chuchuchu….!

An incredible storm of Probability was pushed back, and Poseidon’s wave sunk back to the ground.

Han Su-Yeong slowly closed her eyes. A breeze was blowing in.

[Will of <Star Stream> accepts the new flow of Probability.]

Something was changing.

[<Star Stream> is considering an alteration to the scenario’s rules.]

All Probability from the Bureau ruthlessly suppressing her and her companions were dissipating away. The scenario’s balance that had been heavily tilted out of equilibrium was regaining itself.

[You still can’t understand ‘Enemy of the Story’.]

Kim Dok-Ja remained difficult. However…

[‘Enemy of the Story’ wishes to be understood by you.]

….However, it wasn’t as if nothing had changed.

[Scenario’s rules are changing.]

[From here on, all Constellations can choose a camp to side with during the Final Scenario!]

Han Su-Yeong slowly looked around her.

The surrounding view began changing as if a layer of the world had been peeled back.

[[■■■■■■….. Go!! Fight on! This is our battlefield!]]

A man astride a horse brushed past Han Su-Yeong’s side. Without a doubt, he used to be an Outer God only until a second ago. An existence that used to be a ‘Nameless One’. The strange monsters covered in tentacles and sticky fluids, and caused one to feel instinctive fear simply by looking at them.

[[We can win this! Do not give up until the end!]]

Their figures were changing. Some changed into people, some into dwarves – they were from all sorts of different species, but regardless of what, they were no longer the existences of unknown.

[[Beomgak! Move! This is the Final Scenario we’ve been dreaming of!]]

[[Mark!]]

All those ‘Nameless Ones’ now had names in this place.

[You have sided with the ‘Enemy of the Story’.]

These beings rushed towards the Constellations as dusk fell on the battlefield. They formed ranks and advanced towards the Constellations.

[[I shall accompany you!]]

Among them was a man who resembled Yi Hyeon-Seong, and also a child resembling Shin Yu-Seung. Even some that resembled Jeong Hui-Won, Yi Gil-Yeong, and Yi Ji-Hye.

[[Not bad. So, then. This world-line has reached this far?]]

For a brief moment there, Han Su-Yeong saw a girl who seemed to resemble her, too. And all of them were fighting as the ally of the ⸢Enemy of the Story⸥.

Her dazed eyes chased after their backs.

⸢Every abandoned world-line was converging here.⸥

The world that she couldn’t express with mere words. The world that the [Predictive Plagiarism] couldn’t read, because it could only be imagined by a reader.

⸢This was the world Kim Dok-Ja had been dreaming of.⸥

Han Su-Yeong slowly turned around towards the spot where the Outer God King was only until a moment ago. And a certain man stood on that very spot where a deep abyss cast by the massive creature’s size used to exist.

⸢”Han Su-Yeong, what should an extra do in order to garner attention?”⸥

The white coat revealed itself fleetingly underneath the tattered and torn black coat.

⸢”You’re an extra because no one pays you attention.”⸥

Han Su-Yeong staggered towards that spot.

⸢”Well, there isn’t any clear solution. Normally, you grab some attention by sacrificing yourself, or….”⸥

She walked and walked some more, and eventually, reached the front of that man.

⸢”….Or, you give them stories of their own.”⸥

The man quietly stood there and waited for her.

Han Su-Yeong stood up straight in front of Kim Dok-Ja. Quite unlike her usual self, she thought she might start crying now. Her vision blurred and couldn’t see his face properly.

“You did well.”

And Kim Dok-Ja was standing there.

<Episode 93. Omniscient Author’s Viewpoint (6)> Fin.
