# Chapter 535: Epilogue 3 Author’s words (4)<hr>

[<Star Stream> is looking at its creator.]

Her eyelids soaked in fatigue slowly closed. As she drifted into the languid sea of unconsciousness, Han Su-Yeong listened to the Dokkaebi King’s voice.

“Please, rest now and sleep, my noble god.”

And on the next day, the ‘Ways of Survival’s’ final chapter was completed.

-

⸢….Three ways to survive. I’ve forgotten a few. But one thing’s for certain. That is….⸥

After she finished typing the very last sentence, Han Su-Yeong kept her eyes closed for a very long time. She knew a day like this would eventually come. But now that it was finally here, it didn’t feel real to her at all.

Her lengthy serialisation had finally come to an end.

When she slowly looked behind, the Dokkaebi King was standing there just as she suspected. With a pair of deeply-moved eyes, it was staring at the computer monitor.

“Hey, you,” said Han Su-Yeong.

“Yes, my god.”

“Can’t you, like, not do the paid service?”

“Dear god-nim, even if I don’t, the story will commence regardless.”

Han Su-Yeong could only smile bitterly at the Dokkaebi King speaking like a stubborn devotee.

The daylight was breaking outside the windows. The sun would rise, and when it was time to set again, the apocalypse would come to visit this world.

⸢And then, Kim Dok-Ja’s story will begin.⸥

“…..And I’m destined to disappear, right?”

Tsu-chut, chuchuchut….

Her Fable, what little remained of it, wiggled slightly. There were some stories that might not seem all that excellent or special, but still required an untold sacrifice to complete. To her, the ‘Ways of Survival’ was one such novel.

[Your existential Fable is in a precarious state.]

If the future about to unfold was correct, her ego would soon disappear into the main body’s vast, boundless subconsciousness. And only after the main body learns the [Avatar] skill would she be reborn with a tiny bit of the old memories. And then, get to live the 1863rd regression turn.

⸢If that’s indeed the case, what did my life exist for?⸥

Han Su-Yeong dazedly approached the window. The light grew brighter beyond the pale-naked skies, and the stars were receding away.

[[Everything has already been written, and at the same time, still being written.]]

The ‘Outer God’ who sent her to the 1863rd turn said that to her. A universe of repeating cycle. And in this universe, the result birthed the cause, and the cause would eventually become the result.

In order to create a complete story, the result rejected the cause, while the cause devoured the result in order to exist. The moment she understood that vast, mysterious rule, Han Su-Yeong began thinking that this world resembled a chessboard. A chessboard that pursued the highest degree of completion, ruled by a certain gigantic ‘will’ with an unknown origin and form.

Even if she was the creator of the apocalyptic scenario, wasn’t she merely another chess piece, a ‘knight’, in this chessboard of the universe?

While sensing the waves of sleepiness crashing in, she slowly got up from her seat.

[Your mental power has reached its limit!]

Han Su-Yeong fought against the horrifying level of tiredness, fumbled around to put on some clothes, and left her room. The hour was still very early, but the people waking up early should be getting ready to go to work round about now. The Dokkaebi King was following after her.

She addressed the King while not even bothering to look back. “You worked hard trying to edit the novel until now.”

“If you go outside, you’ll die.”

She already knew that. Because, the sun was rising.

Han Su-Yeong looked up at the break of dawn and spoke. “My role’s already finished, anyway. You’ll take care of the rest from now on, right? It’ll be the end when you hand over the text file to him on the designated time. I wrote that revised version too, the one we talked about, just in case. But… that’s incomplete, so you decide what to do later.”

“But….”

“It’s been over ten years.” Han Su-Yeong glared at the Dokkaebi King several hand-spans taller than her. “Can’t I do what I want at least once?”

The reason why she came to this world – it was to meet Kim Dok-Ja she ran into back in the 1863rd turn one more time.

She leisurely warmed her muscles, and started jogging.

⸢Han Su-Yeong imagined Kim Dok-Ja, on his way to work at Mino Soft.⸥

She heard news from the Dokkaebi King every now and then, and there were also the comments Kim Dok-Ja himself had written. And that’s how she knew a lot about him.

Author-nim! I’ll be living by myself starting this year!

I’m now living near this place. And it’s really weird reading about it in a novel.

Have you heard about Mino Soft? It’d be nice if your novel gets a game version, too. Maybe I should suggest it to the…

She knew when he became independent from his tragedy, and from where he started dealing with yet another tragedy. And also, in what shape or form this new tragedy appeared as.

[The main body’s ego is trying to wake up from her dream!]

[Warning! Your self-regulated activity period has ended!]

[Further exercising of control will cause your ego to….]

Han Su-Yeong ignored the messages and continued to run. She ran, and ran again until she could barely breathe. She ran hard, the words Kim Dok-Ja wrote the only things occupying her thoughts.

Author-nim. I don’t remember how many times I’ve said this before, but…

Those words… she’d forget them all.

[Your actions are in serious violation of the Probability.]

She’d forget the memories of the 1863rd turn.

And she’d also forget the fact that she wrote a certain novel, as well.

[Your Fable is disappearing.]

She’d forget that a story existed just for its sole reader.

However, even then, even if she forgot everything….

⸢Han Su-Yeong’s running slowly came to a halt.⸥

There he was. A man who existed only as texts for a long, long time ever since that day she last saw him in the hospital’s emergency ward.

⸢In the distance, Kim Dok-Ja was walking forward.⸥

That was the exact same face of Kim Dok-Ja she remembered.

The man who came to her 1863rd regression turn. The man who she wanted to see again. The detestable man with his own brand of ass-kissing. The man who lied really easily. The man who she enjoyed being around, since they could lie about something together and snicker among themselves.

“—”

The man, who didn’t remember her.

“—!!”

Her voice didn’t want to come out. She couldn’t tell whether it was because she was choking up, or the control of her body was slipping away from her.

Han Su-Yeong staggered and walked closer to Kim Dok-Ja. Several passersby brushing past her looked back in suspicion.

Kim Dok-Ja was now walking down the subway’s steps.

Kim Dok-Ja, with earphones stuck in his ears and reading something on his phone while walking downstairs.

She knew what he was currently reading.

“—!!”

She barely managed to shout, but her voice still didn’t come out. So, she desperately chased after him.

Because of the story you wrote, author-nim, I was able to survive until now.

Han Su-Yeong was also able to survive while reading the sole reader’s words.

She managed to write the next part of Yu Jung-Hyeok’s life through them.

She was able to endure her boring and stuffy teen years, the days she never wanted to go back to, thanks to those words.

This train is bound for…

She spotted Kim Dok-Ja standing on the platform, waiting for the next train to arrive. A person hiding within the small world crafted out of letters to protect himself was standing right there.

Kim Dok-Ja, who didn’t know anything about the apocalypse about to happen.

Kim Dok-Ja, who’d get to live on the expansive world of the ‘Ways of Survival’.

Kim Dok-Ja, who’d get to meet the protagonist he so longed to become.

Kim Dok-Ja, who’d become the ‘Demon King of Salvation’.

Kim Dok-Ja, who’d sacrifice himself multiple times for the sake of his companions, and as a result, came to the 1863rd turn and met her.

Kim Dok-Ja, who was destined to become the ‘Most Ancient Dream’, the price he paid for loving a certain story too much.

[Your mental state is crumbling!]

[The main body’s ego is regaining its control.]

[Your Fable is being extinguished.]

Her legs grew heavy, and her arms didn’t want to move anymore. Her body was gradually becoming not hers.

Even then, Han Su-Yeong wanted to tell him.

⸢To tell him that he was definitely not at fault for this story being born. And to tell him that the things he was about to experience were not his sins.⸥

Because, her past 13 years existed solely to say those words to him.

⸢To say that, though you have grown up while reading this story, there’s no need for you to become it.⸥

She barely managed to reach out, the tips of her hand touching Kim Dok-Ja’s shoulder.

[Your ego will convert into the ‘subconsciousness’.]

Kim Dok-Ja felt that sensation of touch on his shoulder and looked behind him.

However, the incoming waves of commuters heading to work swept him up, and he got pushed into the subway, instead.

And after the crowd had left, only Han Su-Yeong and her dazed expression remained on the empty subway platform.

“…..What the hell? Why the hell am I standing here??”

Han Su-Yeong tilted her head, before scratching her hair hard while wondering out loud, “Did my sleepwalking flare up again??”

She confirmed the time with her smartphone and exploded in irritation. “Son of a… And I haven’t even finished writing today’s chapter, too!”

….

…….

……..

……

[Fable, ‘Predictive Plagiarism’, has plagiarised your lost memories!]

….

…….

……..

……..

Tsu-chuchuchuchu….

“Han Su-Yeong?”

Tsu-chuchu….

“Han Su-Yeong!!”

She heard someone call out to her among all the terrible ringing in her ears.

“Han Su-Yeong!”

And right next instance, a powerful impact landing on the back of her head helped her to regain her wits. The pain emanating from the back of the head was hellish. She already knew which fool would hit her so mercilessly like this.

“Jung-Hyeok-ssi!! What are you doing, hitting her so hard like that?! You could’ve killed her right as she’s waking up!”

Han Su-Yeong slowly raised her head and discovered Yi Seol-Hwa supporting her, as well as Yu Jung-Hyeok and his massive scowl. Also, the other members of <Kim Dok-Ja Company>, too. Jeong Hui-Won, Yi Hyeon-Seong, Shin Yu-Seung, Yi Ji-Hye… Companions, currently covered in dust from head to toe.

Han Su-Yeong intently stared at them as if to study each and every one present. Eventually, her gaze shifted over to Yu Jung-Hyeok. “…..I think I now know how you felt back when you finally recalled the 0th turn.”

“What rubbish are you talking about now?”

“…..I remember.”

Han Su-Yeong looked around here and there as if it still didn’t feel real to her yet. Then, she slowly looked behind her. That’s where the field covered in dense fog created out of letters could be seen. That was the gateway they passed through just now, and also, the hurdle where she nearly died, as well.

Yi Ji-Hye checking out Han Su-Yeong’s complexion asked. “Eonni, are you really alright? You were mumbling some incoherent stuff about going somewhere to sign a contract for a novel and stuff….”

[Fable, ‘Predictive Plagiarism’, has stopped its storytelling.]

Han Su-Yeong looked down at her own trembling hands.

Why did these memories return to her only now?

….No, hold on – were they even real, to begin with?

⸢Once upon a time, she wrote a certain story with these very hands.⸥

Faint memories that were still overflowing with vividness.

Han Su-Yeong organised her thoughts in a sequential manner – why she was here, what had happened so far, and what she needed to say now.

“I’m….. the ‘Ways of Survival’s’….”

Han Su-Yeong barely managed to breathe in a couple of times, and just as she was about to open her mouth again, Yu Jung-Hyeok abruptly cut her off. “Stop wasting time with unnecessary remarks, and let’s head out.”

She raised her head after hearing those words.

[Main Scenario has been updated!]

[‘Final Scenario’ will now commence.]

Even as she stared at the scenario messages unfolding before her very eyes, everything still didn’t feel real to her. But, she knew why those messages were floating around in her vision, though.

⸢The companions had broken past the 99 scenarios once more.⸥

“….Why are you acting so dazed like this?”

This was the tragedy that she set in motion. And the very people who faced this tragedy head-on were extending their hands towards her.

“Let’s go, Su-Yeong-ssi.”

Yu Sang-Ah lightly tapped Han Su-Yeong’s back and took the lead.

The backs of her companions walking ahead of her were murky, cloudy.

This was impossible. This was not something you could pull off because of your desire to save someone else.

Even then, they still did it.

In the far-off distance, the wall of letters covering up the end of the world could be seen.

The ‘Final Wall’.

The companions exchanged knowing glances and began pulling out their weapons one by one – and simultaneously, the roars of the Constellations came from afar.

Yu Jung-Hyeok watching this scene unfold also unsheathed his [Dark Heavenly Demon Sword]. “That fool is beyond that wall.”

The Dokkaebis from the Bureau were blocking their path, and the Dokkaebi King’s figure could be seen guarding the Final Wall itself. Han Su-Yeong slowly sucked in her breaths and got up from her spot.

It truly had been a lengthy story. And finally, its ending was right before her eyes.

⸢They have finally reached the conclusion she had written.⸥

<Epilogue 3. Author’s words (4)> Fin.
