# Chapter 544: Epilogue 4 The Omniscient Reader’s Viewpoint (9)<hr>

“…..I just wrote something, hoping to leave it as records of our past. Kim Dok-Ja might wake up someday, you know. When that happens, he’d most likely have forgotten everything about us, anyway.”

The companions read Han Su-Yeong’s novel.

Shin Yu-Seung, her eyes reddened from tears, angrily rebuked Yi Gil-Yeong, telling him to slow down with the scrolling, while the boy sniffling away continued to click on the mouse. Yu Sang-Ah, Jeong Hui-Won, and Jang Ha-Yeong copied the file and read the novel on their own phones.

Yu Sang-Ah read the scene where she was making an appearance and smiled faintly. “….I did say something like that, didn’t I?”

Perhaps she was missing those days, because she stroked the sentences on the phone’s display. As if doing that might let her really touch Kim Dok-Ja.

Yi Ji-Hye sucking out the last drops from the booze bottle unsteadily got up from her seat. “What the hell. Is it really that fun?”

“Ah?! Noona!”

Yi Ji-Hye going on a drunken rant shoved Yi Gil-Yeong off the chair and took over the notebook PC. She then slapped her cheeks and tried to focus her blurry, half-closed eyes on the screen.

How long went by like that?

“Sob, sooob, waaah! This novel is too sad, you know?!”

“…..You’ve only read the first chapter, so what the….”

Yi Ji-Hye blew her nose noisily and chucked the soiled tissue in Yi Gil-Yeong’s direction. She remained utterly unperturbed regardless of whether the angry boy was yelling at her or not. Even more so when she scrolled down and read the scene where she made her appearance in Chungmuro – her excitement seemed to reach its peak.

“A girl wielding a lengthy sword stood in the exit as the faint rays of light shone through. While looking at Yi Ji-Hye’s hair dancing in the winds intermittently blowing in…. Keuh-euuh, I’m sooo uber-cool, aren’t I??”

“Argh, seriously now?! Go back up already!”

Despite Yi Gil-Yeong scolding her, Yi Ji-Hye continued on yap on.

“Like, what happens afterwards? What happens to Kim Dok-Ja….”

In the end, she couldn’t win against the booze in her system and before long, her nose kissed the tabletop. Shin Yu-Seung snatched the notebook PC away, and asked a question while taking over the scrolling duty. “….Do I make an entrance later on, too?”

“Everyone makes their appearance. Although, each person’s specific importance will be a bit different,” said Han Su-Yeong.

“B-but, I really did my best, you know.”

“Yes, I know. Don’t worry, your story will show up lots of time later on.”

They already knew the ending to this story. What would happen to Kim Dok-Ja, and what experiences the companions would go through as the result. How the dream they dreamed crumbled away. They all knew too well.

Despite knowing, however, Shin Yu-Seung continued to read the story.

They strode forward one sentence at a time towards the predetermined end. The story they couldn’t change was right here. Shin Yu-Seung used every ounce of her energy to read it as if each and every sentence disappearing behind was too lamentable, too sad, to her.

“…..How wonderful would it have been if Dok-Ja ahjussi was able to read this.”

“Should we go to hyung and read it for him?”

Han Su-Yeong thought about the slumbering Kim Dok-Ja inside Yi Seol-Hwa’s hospital. This novel was written for that guy, yet she didn’t think he’d be reading it anytime soon.

⸢Could it be that, just maybe, this was this story’s completion?⸥

The completed ending of those who had lost something – could that be this novel’s true purpose? Could these people be the true readers of this story?

“Do you think that ahjussi in the other world-line will like reading, too?”

The companions wouldn’t be saved with just this measly little story. But at the very least, they should be able to endure their lives while reading and thinking about it. Just like how Kim Dok-Ja reading the ‘Ways of Survival’ did.

“I wonder. Maybe.”

“Ahjussi is probably ahjussi in that place, too. Definitely.”

“Who knows, he might have ended up as a bug.”

“Keep talking like that if you want to die, Yi Gil-Yeong.”

“I’d have raised him up if he was reborn as an insect, you know? And read books to him every day, too.”

A couple of adults heard the boy’s mindless babble and broke out into chuckles.

Yu Sang-Ah spoke up next. “Regardless of where he’s born and what’s he born as, Dok-Ja-ssi will always be Dok-Ja-ssi.”

Han Su-Yeong nodded her head. Kim Dok-Ja should be living a new life in a world out there somewhere. Kim Dok-Ja living his life while reading a story written by someone else and feeling happy or sad, or even moved.

The people of this world would reminisce about such Kim Dok-Ja’s tale and live their lives.

Praying that Kim Dok-Ja of that world would not be miserable.

Praying that he’d get to live in as much happiness as his companions were remembering him in this world.

Shin Yu-Seung repeatedly reading the early parts spoke up, her voice sounding like a soft sigh. “I can’t read it anymore, because I’m scared it’ll end too soon.”

“It won’t end that soon,” replied Han Su-Yeong.

“Are you going to write the next chapter, too?”

“Yeah.”

“It would’ve been so wonderful if we could send this novel to the other world, too. It’s a shame that only we get to read it.”

….The other world?

Han Su-Yeong became momentarily dazed at that unexpected idea.

She had never even thought about it. It wasn’t a possibility to start with, too. She pondered this for a bit longer, but before she could say something, a piece of breaking news came out of the TV screen.

Breaking news just in. A terrorist has attacked the ‘Scenario Museum’ located in Gwanghwanmun…..

“Terrorists? In this day and age?”

Jang Ha-Yeong shook her head. Most of the system’s influence had already disappeared from this world, so possessing Star Relics didn’t automatically mean you’d be able to do something with them. It was right then that Jeong Hui-Won’s phone started ringing.

“Hello, this is Jeong Hui-Won, the representative of Iron Caps, the trusted security organisation protecting your….. Excuse me? Where? Who showed up??”

The clearly-flustered Jeong Hui-Won raised her head and looked at the TV panel. The news broadcast’s ticker-tape continued to move along.

Identity of the terrorist is now known to be a Transcender formerly known as the ‘Conquering King’…

….The ‘Conquering King’?

A short while later, the terrorist’s face showed up on the screen.

The terrorist, Conquering King Yu Jung-Hyeok. (33, unemployed)

-

“Stop him!”

The riot police arriving on the scene blocked off the museum’s access and stood before the approaching man. However, he used fleet-footed movements to evade their truncheons. The jet-black coat danced in the air as the man’s hands went to work, and the riot police rushing in were scattered away like the breaking waves.

“Uwaaahk!”

“He’s using the system’s powers! Hurry up and call the security company! And get the government-affiliated Constellations, too-!”

Yu Jung-Hyeok’s [Red Phoenix Shunpo] spat out reddish-yellow licks of flames as he dashed forward. Each step taken emitted truly stupendous heatwave and the members of riot police had to back away in fear. Before long, he had reached the front of the [Scenario Museum]’s doorstep.

The place where Star Relics from the age of apocalypse were stored. This was where the important artefacts not open to public had been gathered. The riot police chasing after Yu Jung-Hyeok shouted out.

“He’s just a Transcender from the old generation! The battle array formation the Constellation-nims of the North Stars worked together to create near the museum will….”

[‘North Star Five March Formation’ has been triggered!]

Yu Jung-Hyeok analysed the inner workings of the array formation blocking him. It was a Murim-style battle array formation that followed the laws of the North Star and five elements of the universe to create a remarkable unison of the ‘life gate’ and ‘death gate’. His eyes emitted golden rays of light as his [Dark Heavenly Demon Sword] accurately stabbed into seven separate points.

Kuu-rurururung!

“Crazy son of a… How could he…?!”

These young riot police members who didn’t know much about the age of apocalypse could only look on with their jaws hitting the floor. Even they had heard of the stories, of course.

Twenty years ago, a man who dared to stare arrogantly at the stars of the heavens existed.

It was only a story to them, however. A man who could evenly match up to the Constellations? They believed that no such man could have ever existed. Too bad for them, the living proof was now standing before their eyes.

Yu Jung-Hyeok stepped within the crumbling array formation. No one could stop him now.

It was also then someone appeared among the rising dust clouds.

Conquering King, what do you think you’re doing? Surely, someone like you don’t have a reason to steal items such as the Star Relics?

It was Han Dong-Hoon, an Incarnation affiliated with the government. He was famed for sending messages to the opposition’s eyes rather than addressing them directly.

Yu Jung-Hyeok quietly stared at the message, before pointing at the steeple of the museum. A small ship hung up there like some kind of a symbol. “I need that ship.”

That’s just a replica. It can’t even fly.

“We’ll see once I activate it.”

I know that you’ve been roaming the world without reporting periodically to the world government. Despite knowing that, the world government decided to turn a blind eye. Because, they respect your achievements from the age of apocalypse.

“…..”

However, that ends today. If you insist on behaving like this, then we won’t have any choice but to use force.

Almost at the same time as those words arrived, powerful fighting spirit exploded out from Han Dong-Hoon’s entire body.

He, too, was a survivor from the era of scenarios, a powerful figure who came to be known as the ‘King of Shadows’ by the time scenarios were drawing to a close.

“You wish to stop me?”

Yu Jung-Hyeok took a single step forward. At the same time, humans of the surroundings knelt down simultaneously. Han Dong-Hoon’s expression stiffened, and he quickly performed hand signs.

All personnel, get ready to…!

Even before the message could be finished, shadows hiding on the museum’s rooftop began falling like dead cicadas.

Tumble, drop…

The fallen agents writhed around like worms. Traces of their pressure-points being depressed could be seen throughout their bodies. Surprisingly, over thirty Incarnations were dispatched to this place together with Han Dong-Hoon, yet all these elite warriors were taken care of even before anyone had noticed it.

“Get out of my way.”

Han Dong-Hoon’s shoulders trembled imperceptibly. For the past 20 years after the scenarios ended, the strongest Incarnation he knew of was the prophet Anna Croft, the only surviving Incarnation that could compare to the Constellations. However, even if she came, could she stop this monster?

Han Dong-Hoon, respond… Han Dong-Hoon?

If he didn’t escape from here, he’d get killed. Han Dong-Hoon knew this, yet he couldn’t even lift his feet. An incredible amount of killing intent had tightened around him like a noose. Just who would be able to stop this Transcender? The Murim world’s Transcenders residing on another planet? Or, Constellations currently on a world tour? No, even they might find it too much.

The monster before his eyes was an existence that had reached the highest realm even among the Transcenders. Post-destruction of <Star Stream>, Constellations could no longer exercise the power levels of their past selves. That’s why…

“Captain Han Dong-Hoon! Evade it!!”

Yu Jung-Hyeok’s sword moving, and Han Dong-Hoon squeezing his eyes shut, as well as an ear-splitting noise exploding, all happened at the same time. Scary waves of magical force shoved Han Dong-Hoon’s body away. It had been really long time since he last saw a clash heavy enough to cause the storm of Probability’s aftermath.

Tsu-chuchuchuchu….

He held onto the crack on the ground and endured the storm of aftermath, only to be greeted by an unbelievable spectacle.

“F\*ck, man. Trying to use my powers in such a long time is killing me.”

Someone was blocking the Conquering King’s sword.

[Constellation, ‘Architect of the False Last Act’, is unleashing her power!]

[Fable fragments of the ‘Bureau’ is supporting the ‘Architect of the False Last Act’!]

She was one of only a handful of the truly strong who could stop that monster, Yu Jung-Hyeok.

The purple-hued magical energy oozing out from her entire figure was dyeing the surroundings in a foreboding manner.

“Yu Jung-Hyeok, what kinda stupidity is this?” said the Empress of Black Flames, Han Su-Yeong.

“This isn’t a matter you should concern yourself with.”

“Why shouldn’t I?? Our former Regressor friend suddenly decided to become a terrorist for free, so how can I not?”

“….”

“The comrade of the past has lost his way and became corrupted, so it’s the duty of the superhero to take up on the responsibility of rehabi….”

Kwaaa-boooom!

“Goddammit, what gives?? Why are you going mental here, man??”

“Get out of the way. I don’t plan to exchange sophistries with you.”

“No, you better start talking. That’s always been your damn problem. You’ve been behaving nicely for the past two years, so why the hell….”

Swiiiiiish-!

She pulled out a dagger from her inner pocket, gritted her teeth, and defended against Yu Jung-Hyeok’s attack. The overabundant bombardment of the sword energy began forcing her body back bit by bit. Han Su-Yeong glanced in the direction she was being pushed back.

….The Scenario Museum.

No matter how hard she thought about it, it made no sense. Yu Jung-Hyeok had no reason to target that place. He wouldn’t get any stronger than he already was by possessing a couple more Star Relics at this point. Besides, a Star Relic someone like him might find desirable wouldn’t even be in this pla….

It was then, her eyes caught the sight of a certain something.

“Hey, you. It can’t be….”

Her hair strands slowly began floating up. Creeping, ominous waves of energy spread out everywhere. Cold rage was filling up Han Su-Yeong’s voice.

“….Is it because of that?”

Yu Jung-Hyeok’s eyes were seething, and his irises were reflecting the hull of the replica [Final Ark] located on top of the steeple.

<Epilogue 4. The Omniscient Reader’s Viewpoint (9)> Fin.
